Preheat the oven to 350 F .  Butter or oil an 8-inch baking dish . 	Cook the penne 2 minutes less than package directions . 	 ( It will finish cooking in the oven .  ) 	Rinse the pasta in cold water and set aside . 	Combine the cooked pasta and the sauce in a medium bowl and mix carefully but thoroughly . 	Scrape the pasta into the prepared baking dish . 	Sprinkle the top with the cheeses and then the chili powder . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  for 20 minutes . 	Let the mac and cheese sit for 5 minutes before serving . 	Melt the butter in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat and whisk in the flour . 	Continue whisking and cooking for 2 minutes . 	Slowly add the milk ,  whisking constantly . 	Cook until the sauce thickens ,  about 10 minutes ,  stirring frequently . 	Remove from the heat . 	Add the cheeses ,  salt ,  chili powder ,  and garlic_powder . 	Stir until the cheese is melted and all ingredients are incorporated ,  about 3 minutes . 	Use immediately ,  or refrigerate for up to 3 days . 	This sauce reheats nicely on the stove in a saucepan over low heat . 	Stir frequently so the sauce doesnt scorch . 	This recipe can be assembled before baking and frozen for up to 3 monthsjust be sure to use a freezer-to-oven pan and increase the baking time to 50 minutes . 	One-half teaspoon of chipotle chili powder makes a spicy mac ,  so make sure your family and friends can handle it ! 	The proportion of pasta to cheese_sauce is crucial to the success of the dish . 	It will look like a lot of sauce for the pasta ,  but some of the liquid will be absorbed .
Cook macaroni according to package directions ;  drain well . 	Cold . 	Combine macaroni ,  cheese cubes ,  celery ,  green pepper and pimento . 	Blend together mayonnaise or possibly salad dressing ,  vinegar ,  salt and dill weed ;  add in to macaroni mix . 	Toss lightly . 	Cover and refrigeratewell . 	Serve salad in lettuce lined bowl if you like . 	Makes 6 servings .
Add the tomatoes to a food processor with a pinch of salt and puree until smooth . 	Combine the onions ,  bell peppers and cucumbers with the tomato puree in a large bowl . 	Chill at least 1 hour . 	Drizzle with olive_oil ,  garnish with chopped basil and serve .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit . 	Spray pan with non stick cooking spray . 	Heat milk ,  water and butter to boiling ;  stir in contents of both pouches of potatoes ;  let stand one minute . 	Stir in corn . 	Spoon half the potato mixture in pan . 	Sprinkle half each of cheese and onions ;  top with remaining potatoes . 	Sprinkle with remaining cheese and onions . 	Bake 10 to 15 minutes until cheese is melted . 	Enjoy  !
Dissolve Jello in boiling_water . 	Allow to cool to room temp . 	Whisk in Cool_Whip . 	Fold in watermelon . 	Spoon into crust . 	Chill for 2-3 hours or overnight . 	Yum !
In a large skillet ,  toast the coconut over medium heat ,  until golden and crisp ;  set aside . 	Brown ground beef and garlic in the same skillet ;  drain well . 	Add salt ,  pepper lemon_juice and soy_sauce . 	In a small bowl combine the cornstarch with reserved pineapple and mandarin orange liquids ;  stir well until smooth then add to ground beef and cook over medium heat for 5 mins ,  stirring constantly ,  until mixture is thickened . 	Stir in the pineapple and mandarin_oranges ;  cook 2-3 mins ,  or until thoroughly heated . 	Serve over noodles or rice ,  and sprinkle with more toasted coconut and cashew_nuts .
Pierce the skin of the chicken with a fork or knife . 	Sprinkle with kombu tea evenly on both sides of the chicken ,  about 1 teaspoon per chicken thigh . 	Brown the skin side of the chicken first over high heat until golden brown . 	Sprinkle some pepper on the meat just before flipping over . 	Then brown the other side until golden brown .
Put ingredients in a buttered 9 x 12 x 2-inch pan in even layers in the order that they are given - DO NOT MIX . 	Bake in a 350 oven for 1 hour .
Layer all ingredients in a serving dish .
Sift dry ingredients . 	beat eggs untill frothy ,  add sugar ,  oil and vanilla . 	Beat untillthick . 	Stir in zucchini . 	blend in sifted dry ingredients . 	Fold in nuts . 	pour in greased loaf pan and bake at 350 degrees for 1 1/2 hours .
Chop green_onions ;  chop red_peppers ;  peel and grate carrots  ( save two grated carrots for salads )  ;  place all in a medium bowl and toss to mix . 	Preheat oven to 450 degrees Fahrenheit . 	Place salmon fillet in middle of a large piece of heavy aluminum foil . 	Sprinkle salmon with ginger and freshly ground black pepper if you wish . 	Arrange bowl of veggies on top of salmon ,  and seal foil tightly to create a tightly sealed pocket . 	Place in oven and bake for 20 minutes . 	The veggies will give up some of their liquid ,  creating more than enough to cook the fish . 	Cook rice per package instructions . 	While fish bakes ,  prepare Salad a La SPORTZ by arranging crackers in single layer on cookie sheet ;  sprinkle with Parmesan topping . 	Bake for 1 to 2 minutes in oven with fish ,  just until lightly browned . 	Cool . 	Toss greens  ( 1/2 pound = 8 cups )  ,  carrots  ( grated )  ,  tomatoes  ( halved )  ,  and green_onions  ( sliced )  in large sized bowl . 	Toss with dressing . 	Sprinkle with crackers just before serving . 	Slice banana and kiwi and toss gently ;  divide between four dessert cups . 	Blend cinnamon and sugar into yogurt ,  and place one-fourth of mixture on each bowl of fruit .
Preheat oven to 350F with rack in middle . 	Crush fennel_seeds with a mortar and pestle or wrap in a kitchen towel and crush with bottom of a heavy skillet . 	Pat pork dry ,  then sprinkle with crushed fennel_seeds and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper . 	Cut fennel_bulbs lengthwise into 1/2-inch wedges . 	Heat oil in a 12-inch oven-proof heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers . 	Brown pork on all sides ,  about 6 minutes total ,  then transfer to a plate . 	Saute garlic and fennel wedges in skillet until fennel is golden brown ,  about 6 minutes . 	Add wine ,  stirring and scraping up brown bits ,  then stir in broth and butter . 	Put pork on top of fennel and transfer skillet to oven . 	Roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into center of pork registers 145 to 150F ,  about 15 minutes . 	Transfer pork to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  transfer skillet to stovetop  ( handle will be hot )  and boil ,  stirring occasionally ,  until most of liquid has evaporated . 	Stir in lemon juice and 1/4 cup chopped fennel fronds . 	Thinly slice pork and serve over fennel with sauce .
In a pitcher ,  combine all the ingredients except the soft drink and ice_cubes . 	Refrigerate for 1 hour . 	Add the soft drink and ice just before serving .
Cream butter ,  sugar and egg . 	Add orange juice and rind and mix well . 	Sift flour ,  baking_soda ,  and salt . 	Add to creamed mixture and then stir in pineapple and pecans . 	Pour into a greased 9 "  by 5 "  loaf pan . 	Let stand while oven heats to 350 degrees . 	Bake for 45 minutes .
In a bowl ,  mix flour ,  baking_powder ,  sugar ,  then add the sesame seeds ,  water ,  and vegetable_oil and knead . 	Once the dough is formed ,  wrap in plastic wrap and let rise for 30 minutes . 	Roll out until it is 1 cm thick . 	Then cut to 3 cm long and 1 cm wide strips . 	Use your hands roll into tubes . 	Deep fry in 160C oil for 10 to 15 minutes . 	In a pan ,  combine the brown sugar ,  sugar ,  soy_sauce ,  water and heat until it starts to bubble . 	Once the large bubbles change to small bubbles ,  add the Step 5 karintou to coat . 	Spread out on a baking sheet to prevent sticking . 	They're done once they're dried .
Fry hamburger and onion together . 	Peel and dice potatoes . 	Boil until soft . 	Mash potatoes . 	Add corn to hamburger . 	Add tomato sauce to hamburger . 	In medium pan pour hamburger mixture . 	Put mashed potatoes on top of hamburger . 	Add grated cheese . 	Bake in 350 degree  ( 175 C .  )  oven until cheese melts .
Combine beef ,  oats ,  tomato_juice ,  egg ,  1 tsp salt ,  pepper ,  chili_powder ,  and onion in a large bowl . 	Do not overmix . 	Pack into a 9 inch square baking dish . 	Bake at 350 for 20 minutes ,  drain juices . 	Melt butter over medium heat ,  whisk in flour and 1 tsp salt . 	Slowly add milk while whisking . 	Bring to a boil . 	Cook one minute ,  add cheese . Stir in corn . 	Pour mixture over meat ,  top with green pepper rings . 	Bake 20 minutes . 	Let cool 10 minutes before cutting . 	Serve .
Mix all ingredients and pour into a one quart baking dish . 	Bake at 350 for 20 minutes . 	Top with the remaining 1/2 cup cheese and continue baking for 10 minutes .
Pour marinade over steak in resealable plastic bag . 	Seal bag ;  turn to evenly coat steak with dressing . 	Refrigerate at least 30 min . 	to marinate . 	Meanwhile ,  preheat grill to medium heat . 	Remove steak from marinade ;  discard bag and marinade . 	Grill steak 13 to 16 min . 	or until medium doneness  ( 160F )  ,  turning occasionally . 	Meanwhile ,  steam asparagus 8 to 10 min . 	or until crisp-tender . 	Cut steak into thin strips . 	Place 1 to 2 steak strips and about 2 asparagus_spears on each tortilla strip ;  roll up . 	Secure with frilled toothpicks or red bell pepper ties ,  if desired . 	Serve warm .
Saute the onions ,  carrots ,  celery with olive oil by gradually adding half cup of water until soft . 	Add to the saute onions ,  diced tomatoes ,  hot red pepper powder and stir for five minutes ;  add 3 cups of water ,  leave it to boil . 	Rinse the lentils with cold water . 	To the boiling sauce ,  add lentils ,  ginger juice ,  white_pepper and two cups of vegetable_broth ;  reduce the heat to medium ;  cook for 30 minutes or until the lentils are very soft . 	Using a cooking stick ,  puree the soup in its pot or transfer to a food processor ,  blend the lentils until smooth ;  and bring it back to its saucepan . 	Add the rest of the vegetable_broth or water as need ;  then in a lower heat stir the soup for 10 minutes . 	Add salt_and_black_pepper . 	Remove from heat . 	Garnish it with fresh parsley ,  basil or cheese of your choice . 	Serve it hot or cold . 	Keep it in the fridge .
Blend 1 cup soy milk with blueberries in a blender until the mixture has the consistency of a smoothie ,  about 1 minute . 	Stir together the oats ,  coconut ,  and pecans in a large bowl . 	Stir in the blueberry mixture ,  yogurt ,  and the remaining soy milk . 	Cover ;  refrigerate for at least 4 hours or up to overnight .
preheat oven to 350 degrees F rack in middle position ,  line a 10 x 15 "  cookie sheet with heavy foil  ( jellyroll pan works great )  ,  having the foil go up the sides ,  spray foil with cooking sray	cover the bottom of the cookie sheet with a single layer of soda crackers ,  salt side up ,   (  you can break them in to smaller pieces to fit if you have to ,  set cracker lined pan aside	combine butter ,  white sugar and vanilla in a heavy sauce pan ,  bring to a full boil over medium high heat stirring constantly ,   (  a full boil will have breaking bubbles all over the surface of the pan )  boil it for exactly 5 minutes ,  stirring constantly	when times up ,  pour mixture carefully over the soda crackers as evenly as you can ,  sprinkle the salted nut pieces over the top , 	slide the pan into the oven to bake for 10 minutes ,  remove the pan from the oven and let it cool on a wire rack ,  when cookies have cooled all the way ,  peel off the foil backing and break into ramdom size pieces
Peel the potatoes and quarter . 	Add all ingredients to a medium saucepan and simmer until the potatoes are tender . 	Remove potatoes from cooking liquid and mash to desired consistencey  ( I like mine a bit lumpy )  . 	Add a few spoonfuls of the cooking liquid and the sour_cream and combine . 	Serve as a side with steak !
Place vanilla_wafer_cookie in a baggie ,  seal bag and crush it into tiny pieces  ( I rolled a rolling pin over it )  . 	Set aside . 	In a blender add banana ,  coconut_milk ,  half-and-half ,  vanilla_extract ,  stevia and ice_cubes . 	Put the lid on and blend until smooth . 	Pour into 2 cups and top each smoothie with whipped_cream and crushed wafer cookie .
Spread foie mousse on each fillet and top with 3 chives . 	Soak the rice wrappers in warm water until soft ,  about 3 minutes ,  then lay on a dry ,  clean hand towel . 	Place halibut ,  foie side down in the middle of the wrapper and fold in bottom side first . 	Then fold in the 2 sides followed by the top . 	Let rest on folded side for 5 minutes before cooking . 	These can be made 4 hours in advance . 	In a non stick pan ,  coat with a little oil and sear folded side first ,  about 3 minutes . 	This will seal the package . 	Flip over and sear the foie side until brown . 	Flip back over and toast in a 400 degree oven for about 8 to 10 minutes . 	On a large plate ,  place small mound of squash in the middle . 	Surround with mushrooms and garnish with truffle_oil and chives . 	In a processor ,  puree into a mousse the foie_gras ,  egg ,  cream ,  truffle_oil and chicken until smooth . 	Transfer the mousse to a chilled bowl and fold in the chives and season with salt and pepper . 	Set aside	Pre-heat oven to 375 degrees . 	Place squash on baking dish and add the butter ,  honey ,  ginger and seasoning . 	Bake for 45 to 60 minutes until squash is  " al dente "  . 	Do not overcook the squash . 	Spoon out squash and check for seasoning . 	Keep warm for serving	Wild Mushroom Ragout :  Canola oil 5 sliced shallots Salt and black pepper 1 cup crimini or button mushrooms 1 cup chanterelles 1 cup quartered shiitakes 1 cup morels 1 cup cepes or porcinis 1/2 tablespoon fresh minced thyme 1 cup red wine 1 cup veal demi-glace  ( 1 cup chicken stock with 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce )  1 tablespoon butter  ( optional ) 	In a hot saute pan coated with oil ,  caramelize the shallots . 	Season . 	Add the crimini mushrooms first and cook for 1 minute . 	Add the remaining mushrooms and thyme . 	Check for seasoning . 	Deglaze with red wine . 	Let reduce by 75 percent then add the demi-glace . 	Simmer slowly for 20 minutes . 	Whisk in butter and keep hot for serving . 	Yield :  4 servings	Suggested Wine :  Sebastopol Vineyards ,  Dutton Ranch ,  Russian River ,  Pinot Noir ,  1995
LINE the bottom of a 9 "   ( 2 . 5L )  square pan with wax paper and graham_wafers ,  completely covering base of pan . 	BLEND ice cream and lemonade ,  mixing well . 	Pour over graham wafer base . 	Cover with remaining wafers . 	Freeze 1 hour or until firm . 	COMBINE melted chocolate_chips and butter and spread evenly over top graham layer . 	Freeze until firm ,  about 2 hours . 	Cut into squares or bars with warmed sharp knife .
Crush raspberries ,  one layer at a time . 	Place prepared raspberries in jelly bag ;  hang and let drip into bowl until dripping stops . 	Press bag gently to remove any remaining juices . 	Measure exactly 4 cups prepared juice into large saucepan . 	Stir in pectin . 	Bring to boil on high heat . 	Stir in sugar . 	Return to boil ;  cook 1 min . 	Remove from heat . 	Stir and skim 5 min . 	Pour into warm sterilized jars ,  filling up to 1/4 inch from rims . 	Cover with lids . 	Let stand at room temperature 24 hours or until set .
Coat a 9x13 baking dish with spray of oil . 	Arrange half of the bread in the dish . 	Spread the cream_cheese cubes over the bread and then the apples . 	Top with remaining bread . 	In a large bowl beat the eggs and cream ,  butter and maple_syrup . 	Pour over the bread . 	Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight or at least 2 hours . 	Preheat the oven to 325F and bake 45 minutes of until set and lightly browned . 	Let stand at least 15 minutes before serving with extra maple_syrup .
Dump crab meat into a large mixing bowl . 	If using lump crab meat ,  break up crab chunks to as small size pieces as you like . 	Add sour_cream and cream cheese and stir until well blended . 	Add in the shredded cheese ,  bacon_bits ,  and seasonings and stir together . 	Serve with tortilla chips ,  bagel chips ,  pita chips ,  or crackers .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Flatten dough onto a pan into a rectangle . 	Don't handle the dough too much or it'll start to tear . 	Allow to warm up to room temperature . 	In a medium-sized pan ,  brown sausage . 	Drain well . 	Pour sausage evenly in a line in the center of the dough . 	Sprinkle cheese evenly on top of sausage . 	Sprinkle Italian Seasoning and Garlic Salt over the top of the sausage and cheese . 	 ( Optional )  . 	Pull the two longer sides together and close it up as best you can then do the same with the two smaller ends . 	Using a SMALL amount of olive_oil ,  coat the top of the dough then sprinkle Garlic Salt and Italian Seasoning over the top . 	Put the bread into the oven for 30-45 minutes . 	If you flick the bread and it sounds hollow ,  then it's done . 	Heat the sauce in a medium sauce pan with a lid on top . 	Cool ,  Serve and Enjoy ! 	-May also be made with green peppers and onions ,  or any other concoction you can think of !
Preheat the oven 325 degrees F . 	Butter an 8-by-8-inch square glass casserole dish . 	Halve the leeks lengthwise ,  and then cut them crosswise into half circles  ( There should be about 1 3/4 cups .  )  . 	Put the cut leeks in the basket of a salad spinner ,  or a colander set in a bowl ,  and fill with water . 	Swish the leeks around to flush out any grit . 	Lift the basket from water--don't pour the water off or you will pour any grit right back over the leeks . 	Heat a medium skillet over medium heat and fry the bacon until crispy ,  about 5 minutes . 	Transfer the bacon to a paper towel-lined plate to cool ,  then crumble . 	Discard all but 1 tablespoon of the pan drippings ,  add the butter and leeks ,  and season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and some pepper . 	Cook until tender ,  about 10 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  put the potatoes in a small saucepan with the garlic ,  thyme ,  and 1 1/2 teaspoons of salt and water ,  to cover . 	Bring to a boil over high heat ,  then drain . 	Discard the thyme and garlic and add potatoes to the leeks . 	In a medium bowl whisk together the eggs and half-and-half ,  then stir in the leek mixture ,  1 cup of the cheese ,  the bacon ,  and nutmeg . 	Season with 1 teaspoon of salt and some pepper . 	Transfer the mixture to the prepared dish ,  cover with foil and bake until just set but still moist ,  about 55 minutes . 	Remove from the oven and set aside . 	Position a rack in the upper part of the oven and preheat the broiler . 	Scatter the remaining 1 cup cheese over the casserole and broil until the cheese browns ,  about 3 minutes . 	Set aside for 5 to 10 minutes before serving . 	Unmold or serve from baking dish .