Preheat the oven to 350 F .  Butter or oil an 8-inch baking dish . 	Cook the penne 2 minutes less than package directions . 	 ( It will finish cooking in the oven .  ) 	Rinse the pasta in cold water and set aside . 	Combine the cooked pasta and the sauce in a medium bowl and mix carefully but thoroughly . 	Scrape the pasta into the prepared baking dish . 	Sprinkle the top with the cheeses and then the chili powder . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  for 20 minutes . 	Let the mac and cheese sit for 5 minutes before serving . 	Melt the butter in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat and whisk in the flour . 	Continue whisking and cooking for 2 minutes . 	Slowly add the milk ,  whisking constantly . 	Cook until the sauce thickens ,  about 10 minutes ,  stirring frequently . 	Remove from the heat . 	Add the cheeses ,  salt ,  chili powder ,  and garlic_powder . 	Stir until the cheese is melted and all ingredients are incorporated ,  about 3 minutes . 	Use immediately ,  or refrigerate for up to 3 days . 	This sauce reheats nicely on the stove in a saucepan over low heat . 	Stir frequently so the sauce doesnt scorch . 	This recipe can be assembled before baking and frozen for up to 3 monthsjust be sure to use a freezer-to-oven pan and increase the baking time to 50 minutes . 	One-half teaspoon of chipotle chili powder makes a spicy mac ,  so make sure your family and friends can handle it ! 	The proportion of pasta to cheese_sauce is crucial to the success of the dish . 	It will look like a lot of sauce for the pasta ,  but some of the liquid will be absorbed .
Cook macaroni according to package directions ;  drain well . 	Cold . 	Combine macaroni ,  cheese cubes ,  celery ,  green pepper and pimento . 	Blend together mayonnaise or possibly salad dressing ,  vinegar ,  salt and dill weed ;  add in to macaroni mix . 	Toss lightly . 	Cover and refrigeratewell . 	Serve salad in lettuce lined bowl if you like . 	Makes 6 servings .
Add the tomatoes to a food processor with a pinch of salt and puree until smooth . 	Combine the onions ,  bell peppers and cucumbers with the tomato puree in a large bowl . 	Chill at least 1 hour . 	Drizzle with olive_oil ,  garnish with chopped basil and serve .
Dissolve Jello in boiling_water . 	Allow to cool to room temp . 	Whisk in Cool_Whip . 	Fold in watermelon . 	Spoon into crust . 	Chill for 2-3 hours or overnight . 	Yum !
In a large skillet ,  toast the coconut over medium heat ,  until golden and crisp ;  set aside . 	Brown ground beef and garlic in the same skillet ;  drain well . 	Add salt ,  pepper lemon_juice and soy_sauce . 	In a small bowl combine the cornstarch with reserved pineapple and mandarin orange liquids ;  stir well until smooth then add to ground beef and cook over medium heat for 5 mins ,  stirring constantly ,  until mixture is thickened . 	Stir in the pineapple and mandarin_oranges ;  cook 2-3 mins ,  or until thoroughly heated . 	Serve over noodles or rice ,  and sprinkle with more toasted coconut and cashew_nuts .
Pierce the skin of the chicken with a fork or knife . 	Sprinkle with kombu tea evenly on both sides of the chicken ,  about 1 teaspoon per chicken thigh . 	Brown the skin side of the chicken first over high heat until golden brown . 	Sprinkle some pepper on the meat just before flipping over . 	Then brown the other side until golden brown .
Put ingredients in a buttered 9 x 12 x 2-inch pan in even layers in the order that they are given - DO NOT MIX . 	Bake in a 350 oven for 1 hour .
Layer all ingredients in a serving dish .
Sift dry ingredients . 	beat eggs untill frothy ,  add sugar ,  oil and vanilla . 	Beat untillthick . 	Stir in zucchini . 	blend in sifted dry ingredients . 	Fold in nuts . 	pour in greased loaf pan and bake at 350 degrees for 1 1/2 hours .
Chop green_onions ;  chop red_peppers ;  peel and grate carrots  ( save two grated carrots for salads )  ;  place all in a medium bowl and toss to mix . 	Preheat oven to 450 degrees Fahrenheit . 	Place salmon fillet in middle of a large piece of heavy aluminum foil . 	Sprinkle salmon with ginger and freshly ground black pepper if you wish . 	Arrange bowl of veggies on top of salmon ,  and seal foil tightly to create a tightly sealed pocket . 	Place in oven and bake for 20 minutes . 	The veggies will give up some of their liquid ,  creating more than enough to cook the fish . 	Cook rice per package instructions . 	While fish bakes ,  prepare Salad a La SPORTZ by arranging crackers in single layer on cookie sheet ;  sprinkle with Parmesan topping . 	Bake for 1 to 2 minutes in oven with fish ,  just until lightly browned . 	Cool . 	Toss greens  ( 1/2 pound = 8 cups )  ,  carrots  ( grated )  ,  tomatoes  ( halved )  ,  and green_onions  ( sliced )  in large sized bowl . 	Toss with dressing . 	Sprinkle with crackers just before serving . 	Slice banana and kiwi and toss gently ;  divide between four dessert cups . 	Blend cinnamon and sugar into yogurt ,  and place one-fourth of mixture on each bowl of fruit .
Preheat oven to 350F with rack in middle . 	Crush fennel_seeds with a mortar and pestle or wrap in a kitchen towel and crush with bottom of a heavy skillet . 	Pat pork dry ,  then sprinkle with crushed fennel_seeds and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper . 	Cut fennel_bulbs lengthwise into 1/2-inch wedges . 	Heat oil in a 12-inch oven-proof heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers . 	Brown pork on all sides ,  about 6 minutes total ,  then transfer to a plate . 	Saute garlic and fennel wedges in skillet until fennel is golden brown ,  about 6 minutes . 	Add wine ,  stirring and scraping up brown bits ,  then stir in broth and butter . 	Put pork on top of fennel and transfer skillet to oven . 	Roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into center of pork registers 145 to 150F ,  about 15 minutes . 	Transfer pork to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  transfer skillet to stovetop  ( handle will be hot )  and boil ,  stirring occasionally ,  until most of liquid has evaporated . 	Stir in lemon juice and 1/4 cup chopped fennel fronds . 	Thinly slice pork and serve over fennel with sauce .
In a pitcher ,  combine all the ingredients except the soft drink and ice_cubes . 	Refrigerate for 1 hour . 	Add the soft drink and ice just before serving .
Cream butter ,  sugar and egg . 	Add orange juice and rind and mix well . 	Sift flour ,  baking_soda ,  and salt . 	Add to creamed mixture and then stir in pineapple and pecans . 	Pour into a greased 9 "  by 5 "  loaf pan . 	Let stand while oven heats to 350 degrees . 	Bake for 45 minutes .
In a bowl ,  mix flour ,  baking_powder ,  sugar ,  then add the sesame seeds ,  water ,  and vegetable_oil and knead . 	Once the dough is formed ,  wrap in plastic wrap and let rise for 30 minutes . 	Roll out until it is 1 cm thick . 	Then cut to 3 cm long and 1 cm wide strips . 	Use your hands roll into tubes . 	Deep fry in 160C oil for 10 to 15 minutes . 	In a pan ,  combine the brown sugar ,  sugar ,  soy_sauce ,  water and heat until it starts to bubble . 	Once the large bubbles change to small bubbles ,  add the Step 5 karintou to coat . 	Spread out on a baking sheet to prevent sticking . 	They're done once they're dried .
Fry hamburger and onion together . 	Peel and dice potatoes . 	Boil until soft . 	Mash potatoes . 	Add corn to hamburger . 	Add tomato sauce to hamburger . 	In medium pan pour hamburger mixture . 	Put mashed potatoes on top of hamburger . 	Add grated cheese . 	Bake in 350 degree  ( 175 C .  )  oven until cheese melts .
Combine beef ,  oats ,  tomato_juice ,  egg ,  1 tsp salt ,  pepper ,  chili_powder ,  and onion in a large bowl . 	Do not overmix . 	Pack into a 9 inch square baking dish . 	Bake at 350 for 20 minutes ,  drain juices . 	Melt butter over medium heat ,  whisk in flour and 1 tsp salt . 	Slowly add milk while whisking . 	Bring to a boil . 	Cook one minute ,  add cheese . Stir in corn . 	Pour mixture over meat ,  top with green pepper rings . 	Bake 20 minutes . 	Let cool 10 minutes before cutting . 	Serve .
Mix all ingredients and pour into a one quart baking dish . 	Bake at 350 for 20 minutes . 	Top with the remaining 1/2 cup cheese and continue baking for 10 minutes .