Preheat the oven to 350 F .  Butter or oil an 8-inch baking dish . 	Cook the penne 2 minutes less than package directions . 	 ( It will finish cooking in the oven .  ) 	Rinse the pasta in cold water and set aside . 	Combine the cooked pasta and the sauce in a medium bowl and mix carefully but thoroughly . 	Scrape the pasta into the prepared baking dish . 	Sprinkle the top with the cheeses and then the chili powder . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  for 20 minutes . 	Let the mac and cheese sit for 5 minutes before serving . 	Melt the butter in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat and whisk in the flour . 	Continue whisking and cooking for 2 minutes . 	Slowly add the milk ,  whisking constantly . 	Cook until the sauce thickens ,  about 10 minutes ,  stirring frequently . 	Remove from the heat . 	Add the cheeses ,  salt ,  chili powder ,  and garlic_powder . 	Stir until the cheese is melted and all ingredients are incorporated ,  about 3 minutes . 	Use immediately ,  or refrigerate for up to 3 days . 	This sauce reheats nicely on the stove in a saucepan over low heat . 	Stir frequently so the sauce doesnt scorch . 	This recipe can be assembled before baking and frozen for up to 3 monthsjust be sure to use a freezer-to-oven pan and increase the baking time to 50 minutes . 	One-half teaspoon of chipotle chili powder makes a spicy mac ,  so make sure your family and friends can handle it ! 	The proportion of pasta to cheese_sauce is crucial to the success of the dish . 	It will look like a lot of sauce for the pasta ,  but some of the liquid will be absorbed .
Cook macaroni according to package directions ;  drain well . 	Cold . 	Combine macaroni ,  cheese cubes ,  celery ,  green pepper and pimento . 	Blend together mayonnaise or possibly salad dressing ,  vinegar ,  salt and dill weed ;  add in to macaroni mix . 	Toss lightly . 	Cover and refrigeratewell . 	Serve salad in lettuce lined bowl if you like . 	Makes 6 servings .
Add the tomatoes to a food processor with a pinch of salt and puree until smooth . 	Combine the onions ,  bell peppers and cucumbers with the tomato puree in a large bowl . 	Chill at least 1 hour . 	Drizzle with olive_oil ,  garnish with chopped basil and serve .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit . 	Spray pan with non stick cooking spray . 	Heat milk ,  water and butter to boiling ;  stir in contents of both pouches of potatoes ;  let stand one minute . 	Stir in corn . 	Spoon half the potato mixture in pan . 	Sprinkle half each of cheese and onions ;  top with remaining potatoes . 	Sprinkle with remaining cheese and onions . 	Bake 10 to 15 minutes until cheese is melted . 	Enjoy  !
Dissolve Jello in boiling_water . 	Allow to cool to room temp . 	Whisk in Cool_Whip . 	Fold in watermelon . 	Spoon into crust . 	Chill for 2-3 hours or overnight . 	Yum !
In a large skillet ,  toast the coconut over medium heat ,  until golden and crisp ;  set aside . 	Brown ground beef and garlic in the same skillet ;  drain well . 	Add salt ,  pepper lemon_juice and soy_sauce . 	In a small bowl combine the cornstarch with reserved pineapple and mandarin orange liquids ;  stir well until smooth then add to ground beef and cook over medium heat for 5 mins ,  stirring constantly ,  until mixture is thickened . 	Stir in the pineapple and mandarin_oranges ;  cook 2-3 mins ,  or until thoroughly heated . 	Serve over noodles or rice ,  and sprinkle with more toasted coconut and cashew_nuts .
Pierce the skin of the chicken with a fork or knife . 	Sprinkle with kombu tea evenly on both sides of the chicken ,  about 1 teaspoon per chicken thigh . 	Brown the skin side of the chicken first over high heat until golden brown . 	Sprinkle some pepper on the meat just before flipping over . 	Then brown the other side until golden brown .
Put ingredients in a buttered 9 x 12 x 2-inch pan in even layers in the order that they are given - DO NOT MIX . 	Bake in a 350 oven for 1 hour .
Layer all ingredients in a serving dish .
Sift dry ingredients . 	beat eggs untill frothy ,  add sugar ,  oil and vanilla . 	Beat untillthick . 	Stir in zucchini . 	blend in sifted dry ingredients . 	Fold in nuts . 	pour in greased loaf pan and bake at 350 degrees for 1 1/2 hours .
Chop green_onions ;  chop red_peppers ;  peel and grate carrots  ( save two grated carrots for salads )  ;  place all in a medium bowl and toss to mix . 	Preheat oven to 450 degrees Fahrenheit . 	Place salmon fillet in middle of a large piece of heavy aluminum foil . 	Sprinkle salmon with ginger and freshly ground black pepper if you wish . 	Arrange bowl of veggies on top of salmon ,  and seal foil tightly to create a tightly sealed pocket . 	Place in oven and bake for 20 minutes . 	The veggies will give up some of their liquid ,  creating more than enough to cook the fish . 	Cook rice per package instructions . 	While fish bakes ,  prepare Salad a La SPORTZ by arranging crackers in single layer on cookie sheet ;  sprinkle with Parmesan topping . 	Bake for 1 to 2 minutes in oven with fish ,  just until lightly browned . 	Cool . 	Toss greens  ( 1/2 pound = 8 cups )  ,  carrots  ( grated )  ,  tomatoes  ( halved )  ,  and green_onions  ( sliced )  in large sized bowl . 	Toss with dressing . 	Sprinkle with crackers just before serving . 	Slice banana and kiwi and toss gently ;  divide between four dessert cups . 	Blend cinnamon and sugar into yogurt ,  and place one-fourth of mixture on each bowl of fruit .
Preheat oven to 350F with rack in middle . 	Crush fennel_seeds with a mortar and pestle or wrap in a kitchen towel and crush with bottom of a heavy skillet . 	Pat pork dry ,  then sprinkle with crushed fennel_seeds and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper . 	Cut fennel_bulbs lengthwise into 1/2-inch wedges . 	Heat oil in a 12-inch oven-proof heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers . 	Brown pork on all sides ,  about 6 minutes total ,  then transfer to a plate . 	Saute garlic and fennel wedges in skillet until fennel is golden brown ,  about 6 minutes . 	Add wine ,  stirring and scraping up brown bits ,  then stir in broth and butter . 	Put pork on top of fennel and transfer skillet to oven . 	Roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into center of pork registers 145 to 150F ,  about 15 minutes . 	Transfer pork to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  transfer skillet to stovetop  ( handle will be hot )  and boil ,  stirring occasionally ,  until most of liquid has evaporated . 	Stir in lemon juice and 1/4 cup chopped fennel fronds . 	Thinly slice pork and serve over fennel with sauce .
In a pitcher ,  combine all the ingredients except the soft drink and ice_cubes . 	Refrigerate for 1 hour . 	Add the soft drink and ice just before serving .
Cream butter ,  sugar and egg . 	Add orange juice and rind and mix well . 	Sift flour ,  baking_soda ,  and salt . 	Add to creamed mixture and then stir in pineapple and pecans . 	Pour into a greased 9 "  by 5 "  loaf pan . 	Let stand while oven heats to 350 degrees . 	Bake for 45 minutes .
In a bowl ,  mix flour ,  baking_powder ,  sugar ,  then add the sesame seeds ,  water ,  and vegetable_oil and knead . 	Once the dough is formed ,  wrap in plastic wrap and let rise for 30 minutes . 	Roll out until it is 1 cm thick . 	Then cut to 3 cm long and 1 cm wide strips . 	Use your hands roll into tubes . 	Deep fry in 160C oil for 10 to 15 minutes . 	In a pan ,  combine the brown sugar ,  sugar ,  soy_sauce ,  water and heat until it starts to bubble . 	Once the large bubbles change to small bubbles ,  add the Step 5 karintou to coat . 	Spread out on a baking sheet to prevent sticking . 	They're done once they're dried .
Fry hamburger and onion together . 	Peel and dice potatoes . 	Boil until soft . 	Mash potatoes . 	Add corn to hamburger . 	Add tomato sauce to hamburger . 	In medium pan pour hamburger mixture . 	Put mashed potatoes on top of hamburger . 	Add grated cheese . 	Bake in 350 degree  ( 175 C .  )  oven until cheese melts .
Combine beef ,  oats ,  tomato_juice ,  egg ,  1 tsp salt ,  pepper ,  chili_powder ,  and onion in a large bowl . 	Do not overmix . 	Pack into a 9 inch square baking dish . 	Bake at 350 for 20 minutes ,  drain juices . 	Melt butter over medium heat ,  whisk in flour and 1 tsp salt . 	Slowly add milk while whisking . 	Bring to a boil . 	Cook one minute ,  add cheese . Stir in corn . 	Pour mixture over meat ,  top with green pepper rings . 	Bake 20 minutes . 	Let cool 10 minutes before cutting . 	Serve .
Mix all ingredients and pour into a one quart baking dish . 	Bake at 350 for 20 minutes . 	Top with the remaining 1/2 cup cheese and continue baking for 10 minutes .
Pour marinade over steak in resealable plastic bag . 	Seal bag ;  turn to evenly coat steak with dressing . 	Refrigerate at least 30 min . 	to marinate . 	Meanwhile ,  preheat grill to medium heat . 	Remove steak from marinade ;  discard bag and marinade . 	Grill steak 13 to 16 min . 	or until medium doneness  ( 160F )  ,  turning occasionally . 	Meanwhile ,  steam asparagus 8 to 10 min . 	or until crisp-tender . 	Cut steak into thin strips . 	Place 1 to 2 steak strips and about 2 asparagus_spears on each tortilla strip ;  roll up . 	Secure with frilled toothpicks or red bell pepper ties ,  if desired . 	Serve warm .
Saute the onions ,  carrots ,  celery with olive oil by gradually adding half cup of water until soft . 	Add to the saute onions ,  diced tomatoes ,  hot red pepper powder and stir for five minutes ;  add 3 cups of water ,  leave it to boil . 	Rinse the lentils with cold water . 	To the boiling sauce ,  add lentils ,  ginger juice ,  white_pepper and two cups of vegetable_broth ;  reduce the heat to medium ;  cook for 30 minutes or until the lentils are very soft . 	Using a cooking stick ,  puree the soup in its pot or transfer to a food processor ,  blend the lentils until smooth ;  and bring it back to its saucepan . 	Add the rest of the vegetable_broth or water as need ;  then in a lower heat stir the soup for 10 minutes . 	Add salt_and_black_pepper . 	Remove from heat . 	Garnish it with fresh parsley ,  basil or cheese of your choice . 	Serve it hot or cold . 	Keep it in the fridge .
Blend 1 cup soy milk with blueberries in a blender until the mixture has the consistency of a smoothie ,  about 1 minute . 	Stir together the oats ,  coconut ,  and pecans in a large bowl . 	Stir in the blueberry mixture ,  yogurt ,  and the remaining soy milk . 	Cover ;  refrigerate for at least 4 hours or up to overnight .
preheat oven to 350 degrees F rack in middle position ,  line a 10 x 15 "  cookie sheet with heavy foil  ( jellyroll pan works great )  ,  having the foil go up the sides ,  spray foil with cooking sray	cover the bottom of the cookie sheet with a single layer of soda crackers ,  salt side up ,   (  you can break them in to smaller pieces to fit if you have to ,  set cracker lined pan aside	combine butter ,  white sugar and vanilla in a heavy sauce pan ,  bring to a full boil over medium high heat stirring constantly ,   (  a full boil will have breaking bubbles all over the surface of the pan )  boil it for exactly 5 minutes ,  stirring constantly	when times up ,  pour mixture carefully over the soda crackers as evenly as you can ,  sprinkle the salted nut pieces over the top , 	slide the pan into the oven to bake for 10 minutes ,  remove the pan from the oven and let it cool on a wire rack ,  when cookies have cooled all the way ,  peel off the foil backing and break into ramdom size pieces
Peel the potatoes and quarter . 	Add all ingredients to a medium saucepan and simmer until the potatoes are tender . 	Remove potatoes from cooking liquid and mash to desired consistencey  ( I like mine a bit lumpy )  . 	Add a few spoonfuls of the cooking liquid and the sour_cream and combine . 	Serve as a side with steak !
Place vanilla_wafer_cookie in a baggie ,  seal bag and crush it into tiny pieces  ( I rolled a rolling pin over it )  . 	Set aside . 	In a blender add banana ,  coconut_milk ,  half-and-half ,  vanilla_extract ,  stevia and ice_cubes . 	Put the lid on and blend until smooth . 	Pour into 2 cups and top each smoothie with whipped_cream and crushed wafer cookie .
Spread foie mousse on each fillet and top with 3 chives . 	Soak the rice wrappers in warm water until soft ,  about 3 minutes ,  then lay on a dry ,  clean hand towel . 	Place halibut ,  foie side down in the middle of the wrapper and fold in bottom side first . 	Then fold in the 2 sides followed by the top . 	Let rest on folded side for 5 minutes before cooking . 	These can be made 4 hours in advance . 	In a non stick pan ,  coat with a little oil and sear folded side first ,  about 3 minutes . 	This will seal the package . 	Flip over and sear the foie side until brown . 	Flip back over and toast in a 400 degree oven for about 8 to 10 minutes . 	On a large plate ,  place small mound of squash in the middle . 	Surround with mushrooms and garnish with truffle_oil and chives . 	In a processor ,  puree into a mousse the foie_gras ,  egg ,  cream ,  truffle_oil and chicken until smooth . 	Transfer the mousse to a chilled bowl and fold in the chives and season with salt and pepper . 	Set aside	Pre-heat oven to 375 degrees . 	Place squash on baking dish and add the butter ,  honey ,  ginger and seasoning . 	Bake for 45 to 60 minutes until squash is  " al dente "  . 	Do not overcook the squash . 	Spoon out squash and check for seasoning . 	Keep warm for serving	Wild Mushroom Ragout :  Canola oil 5 sliced shallots Salt and black pepper 1 cup crimini or button mushrooms 1 cup chanterelles 1 cup quartered shiitakes 1 cup morels 1 cup cepes or porcinis 1/2 tablespoon fresh minced thyme 1 cup red wine 1 cup veal demi-glace  ( 1 cup chicken stock with 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce )  1 tablespoon butter  ( optional ) 	In a hot saute pan coated with oil ,  caramelize the shallots . 	Season . 	Add the crimini mushrooms first and cook for 1 minute . 	Add the remaining mushrooms and thyme . 	Check for seasoning . 	Deglaze with red wine . 	Let reduce by 75 percent then add the demi-glace . 	Simmer slowly for 20 minutes . 	Whisk in butter and keep hot for serving . 	Yield :  4 servings	Suggested Wine :  Sebastopol Vineyards ,  Dutton Ranch ,  Russian River ,  Pinot Noir ,  1995
LINE the bottom of a 9 "   ( 2 . 5L )  square pan with wax paper and graham_wafers ,  completely covering base of pan . 	BLEND ice cream and lemonade ,  mixing well . 	Pour over graham wafer base . 	Cover with remaining wafers . 	Freeze 1 hour or until firm . 	COMBINE melted chocolate_chips and butter and spread evenly over top graham layer . 	Freeze until firm ,  about 2 hours . 	Cut into squares or bars with warmed sharp knife .
Crush raspberries ,  one layer at a time . 	Place prepared raspberries in jelly bag ;  hang and let drip into bowl until dripping stops . 	Press bag gently to remove any remaining juices . 	Measure exactly 4 cups prepared juice into large saucepan . 	Stir in pectin . 	Bring to boil on high heat . 	Stir in sugar . 	Return to boil ;  cook 1 min . 	Remove from heat . 	Stir and skim 5 min . 	Pour into warm sterilized jars ,  filling up to 1/4 inch from rims . 	Cover with lids . 	Let stand at room temperature 24 hours or until set .
Coat a 9x13 baking dish with spray of oil . 	Arrange half of the bread in the dish . 	Spread the cream_cheese cubes over the bread and then the apples . 	Top with remaining bread . 	In a large bowl beat the eggs and cream ,  butter and maple_syrup . 	Pour over the bread . 	Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight or at least 2 hours . 	Preheat the oven to 325F and bake 45 minutes of until set and lightly browned . 	Let stand at least 15 minutes before serving with extra maple_syrup .
Dump crab meat into a large mixing bowl . 	If using lump crab meat ,  break up crab chunks to as small size pieces as you like . 	Add sour_cream and cream cheese and stir until well blended . 	Add in the shredded cheese ,  bacon_bits ,  and seasonings and stir together . 	Serve with tortilla chips ,  bagel chips ,  pita chips ,  or crackers .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Flatten dough onto a pan into a rectangle . 	Don't handle the dough too much or it'll start to tear . 	Allow to warm up to room temperature . 	In a medium-sized pan ,  brown sausage . 	Drain well . 	Pour sausage evenly in a line in the center of the dough . 	Sprinkle cheese evenly on top of sausage . 	Sprinkle Italian Seasoning and Garlic Salt over the top of the sausage and cheese . 	 ( Optional )  . 	Pull the two longer sides together and close it up as best you can then do the same with the two smaller ends . 	Using a SMALL amount of olive_oil ,  coat the top of the dough then sprinkle Garlic Salt and Italian Seasoning over the top . 	Put the bread into the oven for 30-45 minutes . 	If you flick the bread and it sounds hollow ,  then it's done . 	Heat the sauce in a medium sauce pan with a lid on top . 	Cool ,  Serve and Enjoy ! 	-May also be made with green peppers and onions ,  or any other concoction you can think of !
Preheat the oven 325 degrees F . 	Butter an 8-by-8-inch square glass casserole dish . 	Halve the leeks lengthwise ,  and then cut them crosswise into half circles  ( There should be about 1 3/4 cups .  )  . 	Put the cut leeks in the basket of a salad spinner ,  or a colander set in a bowl ,  and fill with water . 	Swish the leeks around to flush out any grit . 	Lift the basket from water--don't pour the water off or you will pour any grit right back over the leeks . 	Heat a medium skillet over medium heat and fry the bacon until crispy ,  about 5 minutes . 	Transfer the bacon to a paper towel-lined plate to cool ,  then crumble . 	Discard all but 1 tablespoon of the pan drippings ,  add the butter and leeks ,  and season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and some pepper . 	Cook until tender ,  about 10 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  put the potatoes in a small saucepan with the garlic ,  thyme ,  and 1 1/2 teaspoons of salt and water ,  to cover . 	Bring to a boil over high heat ,  then drain . 	Discard the thyme and garlic and add potatoes to the leeks . 	In a medium bowl whisk together the eggs and half-and-half ,  then stir in the leek mixture ,  1 cup of the cheese ,  the bacon ,  and nutmeg . 	Season with 1 teaspoon of salt and some pepper . 	Transfer the mixture to the prepared dish ,  cover with foil and bake until just set but still moist ,  about 55 minutes . 	Remove from the oven and set aside . 	Position a rack in the upper part of the oven and preheat the broiler . 	Scatter the remaining 1 cup cheese over the casserole and broil until the cheese browns ,  about 3 minutes . 	Set aside for 5 to 10 minutes before serving . 	Unmold or serve from baking dish .
Combine the orange_juice ,  tequila ,  triple_sec ,  and cranberry_juice in a cocktail shaker filled with 3/4 cup ice . 	Shake vigorously . 	Pour into a glass . 	Garnish with an orange wedge . 	Variation-for a pink-hued rim ,  dip the rim of the glass in grenadine before coating with sugar .
For the cupcakes :  Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F .  Fill the cupcake pan with paper liners . 	Beat the granulated_sugar and butter until light and fluffy in a standing mixer . 	Beat in the eggs . 	Add the lemon zest and juice and beat until combined . 	Sift the flour ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda and salt in a separate bowl . 	Alternately add the buttermilk and flour mixture to the standing mixer ,  beating well between each addition . 	Fill the cupcake liners two-thirds full . 	Bake the cupcakes until a toothpick inserted comes out clean ,  18 to 22 minutes . 	Refrigerate the cupcakes until they are completely cooled . 	For the filling :  Cook 1/3 cup water ,  1 cup of the blueberries and granulated_sugar over medium heat for 10 minutes ,  stirring frequently . 	Once the blueberries begin to burst ,  add the remaining 1 cup blueberries and cook on medium heat ,  8 to 10 minutes . 	The filling is done when it coats the back of a metal spoon . 	For the frosting :  Beat the butter and cream_cheese until light and fluffy in a standing mixer . 	Add the powdered_sugar ,  vanilla and salt . 	Beat until light and fluffy . 	Core the cupcakes using an apple corer . 	Fill each cupcake core with the blueberry compote filling and top with the cream_cheese frosting . 	This recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition . 	The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use ,  therefore ,  we cannot make any representation as to the results .
Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat . 	Add the flour and cook 1 minute . 	Whisk in the milk and cook until slightly thickened . 	Remove from heat and stir in the Monterey Jack cheese ,  poblano_chiles ,  and season with salt and pepper ,  to taste . 	Place the queso sauce into a bowl and sprinkle with chopped poblano . 	Whisk together the mustards and honey ,  to taste ,  until combined . 	Let sit at least 30 minutes before serving . 	Line 2 half sheet pans with parchment paper and spray liberally with vegetable spray . 	Combine the water ,  sugar ,  yeast ,  and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer and mix with the dough hook until combined . 	Let sit for 5 minutes . 	Add the salt and flour and mix on low speed until combined . 	Increase the speed to medium and continue kneading until the dough is smooth and begins to pull away from the side of the bowl ,  about 3 to 4 minutes . 	If the dough appears too wet ,  add additional flour ,  1 tablespoon at a time . 	Remove the dough from the bowl ,  place on a flat surface and knead into a ball with your hands . 	Oil a bowl with vegetable_oil ,  add the dough and turn to coat with the oil . 	Cover with a clean towel or plastic wrap and place in a warm spot until the dough doubles in size ,  about 1 hour . 	Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F . 	Bring the water to a boil in a small roasting pan over high heat and add the baking_soda . 	Remove the dough from the bowl and place on a flat surface . 	Divide the dough into 8 equal pieces ,  about 4 1/4 to 4 1/2 ounces each . 	Roll each piece into a long rope measuring 22 inches and shape :  take the right side and cross over to the left . 	Cross right to left again and flip up . 	Boil the pretzels in the water solution ,  2 at a time for 30 seconds ,  splashing the tops with the warmed water using a spoon . 	Remove with a large flat slotted spatula or a spider . 	Place 4 pretzels on each baking sheet ,  brush the tops with the egg wash and season liberally with the salt . 	Place into the oven and bake for 15 to 18 minutes until golden brown . 	Remove to a baking rack and let rest 5 minutes before eating . 	Dip into desired sauces .
Mix above ingredients together until smooth . 	Enjoy !
First preheat your oven to 200C and then place a frying pan on the hob over a medium heat ,  add your oil or butter and then add the onion and garlic . 	Saute until soft and take off the heat and leave to cool . 	Once cool ,  place the onion and garlic into a bowl ,  along with the sausage meat and thyme and season well with salt_and_pepper . 	Mix by hand ;  making sure everything is incorporated well . 	Take a large baking tray and unroll the puff pastry over it . 	Along the long length of the pastry ,  place the sausage meat mix evenly in the middle ,  leaving a gap at either end . 	Then using a knife ,  carve a gully in the centre of the meat . 	This is for the marmalade so spoon an even amount in and then carefully press the meat together . 	Again with a knife ,  make slits in the pastry approximately 2 cms apart on either side of the meat and then starting at one end ,  fold each flap over ,  creating a plait effect and seal at both ends . 	Brush the egg wash all over and scatter the poppy_seeds over after that . 	Place in the hot oven for 40 45 minutes until the pastry puffs up and browns . 	Serve hot or cold .
Preheat oven to 425F . 	Line 2 baking sheets with aluminum foil and spray heavily with cooking spray . 	Set aside . 	Seed the peppers and cut each pepper vertically into quarters . 	Stacking 2 to 3 pieces at a time ,  cut the peppers horizontally into 1/4 inch strips and place them in a large mixing bowl . 	Add the garlic and onion . 	Toss well . 	Arrange the vegetables in a single layer on a baking sheet ;  liberally spray them with cooking spray until they are well coated . 	Place the pan on a rack set in the middle of the oven . 	Arrange the eggplant on a second prepared baking sheet . 	Spray the eggplant with cooking spray until well coated . 	Place a large piece of foil over the eggplant ,  covering it loosely . 	Place the pan on rack set toward top of oven . 	Set a timer for 10 minutes . 	After 10 minutes ,  stir peppers and return them to oven . 	Stir eggplant ,  turning cubes . 	Cover again with foil and return pan to oven . 	Bake both pans of vegetables another 10 minutes . 	Scrape the softened pepper mixture back into a large bowl ;  set the garlic aside . 	Stir the eggplant ,  turning the cubes . 	Cover it again with foil and bake for 10 minutes ,  until the cubes hold their shape but feel soft to the touch . 	Meanwhile ,  coarsely chop the roasted garlic ;  add it to the bowl of roasted peppers and onions . 	Add the jalapeno ,  cilantro ,  capers ,  currants ,  pine_nuts and vinegar . 	When the eggplant is done ,  scrape it into a bowl . 	Add the salt and black pepper . 	Mix with a fork until the caponata is well blended and creamy . 	Set aside to cool . 	If possible ,  refrigerate overnight before using .
Prepare cucumber by cutting into 2 inch rounds . 	Scoop out the seeds and flesh in the centre of the cucumber using a melon baller or spoon . 	Be careful not to go all the way through the cup . 	 ( Place scooped cucumber into a bowl )  . 	Carve out enough of the cucumber to leave a 1/2 inch  ( 8 mm )  border ,  along sides and bottom . 	You should have 12 mini cups . 	Place all of the remaining ingredients in a food processor including the reserved cucumber . 	Puree until smooth . 	Adjust seasoning to taste . 	Add vodka and strain through a colander . 	Chill for 1 hour and up to overnight to develop flavor . 	Pour puree into cucumber cups and serve immediately .
For 16 oz tails :  have store crack or split each tail in half . 	Cut bottom side of tail off  ( skin  &  hard pieces ,  not points )  . 	Cover and grill on medium for 7 minutes ,  shell side down . 	Baste with butter ,  lemon_juice and garlic_salt 5 or 6 times . 	Turn and grill with cover down another 7 or 8 minutes until done ,  don't baste . 	 * For 8 or 9 oz tails :  crack yourself by bending  ( hard side of tail down )  so they will lay flat while grilling . 	Cut skin  &  cut hard pieces but don't cut off points . 	Follow above cooking directions . 	Serve with browned butter ,  potato and coleslaw .
Preheat oven to 325 degrees farenheit . 	Grease 3 large baking sheets . 	In a small mixing bowl ,  beat egg_white and salt at medium speed until soft peaks form . 	Increase speed to medium-high and add sugar a tablespoon at a time ,  beating until all the sugar is incorporated  ( mixture will be thick )  . 	Stir in flour ,  cinnamon ,  vanilla and nuts . 	Drop mixture by level teaspoons ,  1 1/2 inches apart ,  on prepared baking sheets . 	Bake 10 to 13 minutes ,  or until they are dry and firm on the top . 	Cook 1 minute on baking sheets . 	Transfer to racks to cool completely . 	Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 10 days or freeze for longer storage .
Preheat oven to 350F and line baking sheet with parchment paper . 	Combine flour ,  oats ,  sugar and parsley . 	In separate bowl ,  combine egg ,  oil ,  apple and carrot . 	Stir flour mixture into egg mixture ,  slowly adding water and kneading until a dough forms . 	 * If dough is too sticky ,  add more flour . 	Roll dough out on a lightly floured surface to 1/4 "  thick and cut out shapes . 	Knead scraps together ,  roll out ,  cut out shapes ,  and repeat until all dough is used . 	Place on baking sheet and bake for 40-45 minutes . 	Turn oven off and leave in oven for 20 minutes to allow bones to dry out and crisp .
Combine ingredients .
Grease a 13 x 9-inch baking dish . 	In a large saucepan ,  saute the onion in oil until tender  ( about 3-4 minutes )  . 	In a bowl ,  combine all remaining ingredients including the lemon slices  ( except the sausages )  mix well to combine ,  and bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat ;  simmer uncovered for about 20-25 minutes ,  or until slightly thickened  ( stirring occasionally )  . 	Remove the lemon slices and discard . 	Place the sausages or hot_dogs in the baking dish . 	Top with sauce ,  and mix slightly to combine . 	Bake in a 350 degrees oven ,  uncovered for about 20-25 minutes ,  or until heated through . 	Keep warm when serving .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F . 	On a piece of kitchen parchment ,  trace the bottom of your serving bowl that will be in the center of your biscuit wreath . 	Turn the parchment over and use to line your baking sheet . 	Set aside . 	In a bowl ,  stir to combine sugar ,  pumpkin_pie_spice ,  and cinnamon ;  set aside . 	Open can of biscuits and separate into individual biscuits . 	Sprinkle a rolling surface with some of the sugar-spice mixture . 	One at a time ,  press each biscuit into the bowl of sugar-spice mixture . 	Roll each biscuit on sugared surface to a 5-inch diameter . 	Using 2-inch and/or 3-inch leaf cutters ,  cut leaf shapes for your wreath ;  reserve dough scraps . 	Position leaves overlapping around the circle drawn on parchment . 	Set aside . 	Lightly beat egg with 1 tablespoon of water . 	Using a pastry brush ,  paint egg wash between the leaves where they overlap . 	Re-roll extra dough to cut out single leaf shapes or to make mini individual wreaths . 	Bake in preheated oven for 14 to 17 minutes . 	Remove from oven and cool completely before moving . 	While wreath is baking ,  stir together sifted powdered_sugar and maple_syrup until smooth . 	Cover and set aside . 	Once wreath has cooled ,  use a clean paint brush to apply glaze to leaves - painting every other leaf so that there is separation .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Place potatoes in saucepan and cover with water . 	Bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat ,  cover and cook 15-20 minutes or until tender . 	In small skillet saute garlic in butter . 	Drain potatoes and place in large mixing bowl ;  add garlic . 	Beat until smooth . 	Add remaining ingredients ,  mix well . 	Transfer to greased 2 quart baking dish . 	Bake uncovered at 350 degrees for 30-40 minutes or until heated through .
Heat oven to 375F . 	Place paper baking cups into 12 muffin pan cups ;  set aside . 	Combine flour ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda ,  salt ,  cinnamon and ginger in bowl ;  set aside . 	Combine brown_sugar and butter in another bowl ;  beat at medium-high speed until smooth . 	Add bananas ,  eggs ,  lime_juice and lime_zest . 	Beat at medium speed ,  scraping bowl often ,  until smooth . 	Stir flour mixture until well mixed . 	Spoon batter into prepared muffin pan cups ;  sprinkle tops with coconut . 	Bake 22-27 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean . 	Remove from pan to cooling rack ;  cool completely .
Cook pasta in a large pot of 2 minutes less than package instructions indicate ,  then add sugar snaps and cook until sugar snaps are tender ,  about 2 minutes more . 	Reserve 1/4 cup cooking water ,  then drain pasta and sugar snaps in a colander and return to pot . 	Boil cream in a 1- to 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan ,  uncovered ,  2 minutes ,  then add to pasta along with trout ,  zest ,  reserved cooking water ,  dill ,  salt ,  and pepper and toss until combined .
Bring water ,  juice and sugar to the boil in a saucepan . 	Simmer for 2-3 minutes until sugar has dissolved . 	Add dried fruits and cinnamon_stick ,  simmer a further 5 minutes . 	Whisk together the Philly *  ,  milk and honey until smooth . 	Serve fruits warm with Philly *  cream and toasted almonds .
preheat oven to 190'C - 375'F  . 	lightly grease an oven tray and set aside till needed  . 	dice and cook bacon or ham  ,  drain and set aside till needed  . 	in a bowl  . 	beat butter until light and creamy  . 	then add the egg and combine well  ,  next add the cracked_pepper  ,  salt and the curry_powder and stir to combine  ,  now add the first quarter cup of cheese and half the diced cooked bacon and mix well to combine all  . 	add the sifted plain_flour to the mix and mix to a smooth dough  ,  cover and refrigerate for about half hour  . 	remove dough from the fridge and roll out on a lightly floured surface to about 1cm thickness  . 	with a small round cutter  ,  cut out biscuit shapes and set on prepared tray  . 	add bits of the other quarter cup of grated cheese on top of biscuits  ,  i then like to crack a little more pepper over the cheeses then sprinkle with the other half of the bacon bits  ,  place in oven and cook for about 12-15 minutes or until slightly golden and cheese and bacon have crispened up and melted  . 	remove from heat let cool a little and eat hot or cold  ,  they are great either way  . 	enjoy  . 	 : - )
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil . 	Add fettucine pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente and drain Melt butter in a large skillet and add chopped garlic . 	Cook on low for about 5 minutes ,  stirring often ,  making sure not to burn the garlic Pour about 1/4 cup of the heavy_cream into a small bow . 	Add the egg_yolk and beat together and put aside . 	Pour the remaining cream into the frying pan . 	Increase the heat to medium-high . 	As the cream starts to boil ,  mix rapidly using a whisk . 	Slowly add the cream/egg mixture . 	You do not want the egg to cook . 	Continue beating the cream mixture until all mixed together . 	Add 1 cup of Parmesan cheese and continue to mix the cream . 	Pour in remaining Parmesan and parsley and mix until smooth . 	Immediately remove from stove . 	Serve over cooked pasta .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	In a small saucepan mix the cornstarch and cold_water thoroughly . 	Add boiling_water to cornstarch mix and heat to a boil over low-med heat . 	Stir constantly . 	When it thickens ;  take off heat and place pan in cool water to cool it down to room temperature BEFORE you add it . 	Let this rest while starting the next steps . 	Separate 3 egg_whites  ( make sure not even a drop of yolk gets in bowl or it will completely ruin your meringue )  and place in a mixing bowl . 	Add lemon_juice or vanilla ;  beat until is stands in soft white peaks  ( it may take awhile ,  don't cut the beating short ) 	Add sugar ONE Tbs at a time ;  beat the heck out of the meringue after EACH individual Tbs of sugar is added . 	Keep beating until meringue is glossy and has firm peaks  ( it will be really shiny and stand straight up on its own )  . 	Take your saucepan with the cornstarch mix  ( make sure it is at room temperature )  and spoon in all of the mix at once to the meringue ;  blend well . 	Make sure your pie filling is HOT ;  starting around the crust add meringue in BIG spoonfuls ,  press firmly at first to make sure there are NO air pockets and crust is sealed  (  I get down eye level with it just to be sure )  . 	When meringue has totally covered the pie filling ,  make little peaks with a spoon to fancy it up . 	Bake for about 15 minutes ;  the meringue will weep if undercooked so make sure it is nicely browned . 	Use a toothpick when you think it is done ,  if it comes out clean the meringue is done ! 	If you have done all of these steps you should have a perfect meringue ,  if you use any shortcuts or slack your meringue will suffer .
COOK the eggs over medium heat until fluffy ,  stirring frequently . 	Stir in the cream cheese ,  until well blended . 	SPOON the cream cheese mixture onto one muffin half . 	TOP with the egg mixture and cheese slice . 	Top with the remaining muffin half .
Heat oil in large pan . 	Saute onions and garlic until soft . 	Add Pumpkin and cook for 5 minutes . 	Mix in curry_powder and cook for another few minutes to take the rawness of the spices . 	Add stock and coconut_milk enough to cover the vegetables and bring to a gentle boil . 	Simmer until pumpkin is soft ,  about 15 minutes . 	When cooked turn off heat and allow to cool slightly ,  blend until smooth ,  return to pan and add more stock until the required consistency is reached . 	Add the smoke salmon ,  the heat left in the soup will 'cook' the salmon . 	Check seasoning . 	I freeze this in batches with or without the salmon ,  either way its great . 	Once defrosted re-heat and add salmon if needed . 	I don't know how much this makes 8 + depending on the size of your soup bowls .
Peel ,  core and slice the apples . 	Combine all the filling ingredients and mix well . 	Cut each piece of pastry into 2 equal rectangles  ( about 30cm X 15cm )  . 	Put 1 piece onto a greased baking tray and place a line of filling down the center lengthwise . 	Brush edges with beaten egg and lay another sheet of pastry on top ,  pressing lightly to seal . 	Flatten the top slightly with your hand . 	Repeat apple/pastry layering process ,  finishing with a layer of puff . 	Glaze the top with beaten egg and sprinkle with extra almonds and sugar . 	Bake at 190C/380F for about 25 min till golden brown and crisp . 	Serve warm with cream and/or possibly ice-cream . 	A quick and easy dessert .
Cook linguine according to package directions ;  drain . 	Saute bell pepper in a small skillet over medium heat until limp ,  about 10 to 12 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  whisk vinegar ,  garlic ,  salt and pepper in a small bowl ;  slowly whisk in oil . 	Stir in 1/2 cup of basil . 	Place pasta ,  chicken ,  cooked peppers ,  mozzarella ,  goat_cheese ,  and remaining basil in a large bowl . 	Pour dressing over top and toss to coat . 	Serves 4 . 	Note :  when I make this ,  I put a couple of uncooked chicken breasts ,  sprinkled with salt ,  pepper ,  and garlic powder ,  under the broiler while everything else is being prepared .
Preheat oven to 350 . Combine first 6 ingredients . 	Stir well ;  set aside . Cream margarine in a large bowl ;  gradually add brown sugar ,  beating at medium speed of a mixer until light and fluffy . 	Add egg ;  beat well . 	Add flour mixture to creamed mixture ;  beat just until dry ingredients are moist . 	Stir in vanilla ,  apple ,  oats ,  and currants . Spoon batter into a 9-inch square baking pan coated with cooking_spray . Bake at 350 for 40 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean . 	Cool completely in pan on a wire rack . 	Sprinkle powdered_sugar over top .
Place a cup of rice ,  cooled to just above room temperature ,  in the bottom of each of 6 bowls ,  and add a layer of the avocado slices ,  distributing evenly in any pattern you choose . 	Sprinkle a pinch or two of salt over each bowl . 	Add the raw matchstick vegetables in an even ,  randomly arranged layer ,  and sprinkle on the nori confetti . 	Add the fish on top ,  arranging as you wish ,  perhaps in twists or rolls . 	Scatter scallions and sesame_seeds on top . 	Serve with condiments like soy sauce ,  wasabi ,  pickled ginger and rice vinegar ,  so diners can season and toss sushi with chopsticks or spoons .
Combine first 8 ingredients . 	Shape into small meatballs . 	Roll in flour . 	Heat oil in skillet over medium heat about 3 min . 	Fry meatballs about 10 min . 	When brown arrange around sides of skillet . 	Pour condensed soup and lowfat milk ,  that have been mixed together ,  in center of skillet . 	Add in liquid removed vegetables and salt . 	Cover and simmer about 10 min .
If not filling the crust ,  preheat oven to 400 degrees . 	If youre going to fill the crust ,  follow your recipe directions ,  add the filling ,  and baking accordingly . 	Place all the ingredients into a 9 pie pan . 	Stir together with a fork . 	Pat the mixture into the bottom and up the sides of the pan . 	Poke holes into the bottom and sides of the crust  ( if you are not filling it )  . 	Bake for 15 minutes in a preheated oven or until golden brown . 	Fill as desired ! 	 ( I used this recipe to make a pumpkin pie ,  filling and baking it . 	It came out great !  )
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees . 	For the filling ,  in a large bowl ,  combine the potatoes ,  1 cup of the sugar ,  the butter ,  eggs ,  vanilla ,  salt ,  and spices . 	Mix thoroughly . 	Add the milk ,  stirring well . 	Pour the mixture into the pie crust and bake for 40 to 50 minutes ,  or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean . 	Place the pie on a rack and cool to room temperature before covering with meringue . 	For the meringue ,  using an electric mixer ,  beat the egg_whites until soft peaks form ;  beat in the remaining A cup sugar 1 tablespoon at a time . 	Continue beating until the sugar dissolves and the mixture is glossy and stiff ,  but not dry . 	With a rubber spatula ,  spoon the meringue onto the pie ,  forming peaks . 	Make sure the meringue touches the crust all around . 	Sprinkle with a pinch of granulated sugar . 	Bake for 5 to 10 minutes ,  or until delicately browned . 	Cool and serve .
Heat oven to 350F . 	Prepare cake batter as directed on package ;  stir in cookies . 	Spoon into 24 paper-lined muffin cups . 	Bake 20 to 25 min . 	or until toothpick inserted in centres comes out clean . 	Cool cupcakes in pans 10 min . 	 ;  remove to wire racks . 	Cool completely . 	Beat pudding mix ,  milk and sugar in large bowl whisk 2 min .  ,  stir in Cool Whip . 	Spoon into pastry bag fitted with basket-weave tip . 	Pipe pudding mixture onto tops of cupcakes . 	Add chocolate chips for the eyes . 	Keep refrigerated .
ROASTING :  preheat oven to 450 . 	Peel and dice squash into 1/2 inch pieces  ( see tip at end )  . 	Dice onion into 1/2 inch pieces . 	Toss squash and onion with olive_oil and spread pieces onto a large flat baking pan . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Roast for 20 minutes - add diced apple - and continue roasting another 10-20 minutes  ( 30-40 total roasting time )  . 	Tip :  while you are roasting ,  make some  " cheese toasts "  . 	Put some shredded cheese on top of bread rounds  ( we like gruyere or parmesan )  . 	Bake 10-15 minutes until crispy . 	These cheese toasts are fantastic soup toppers ! 	Place roasted mixture into blender with about half the chicken_broth ;  puree  ( keep hand on lid because hot liquids can cause the top to  " explode "  off with built up steam )  . 	Add remaining chicken_broth ,  half-and-half ,  and herbs ;  puree . 	Transfer mixture to saucepan ;  reheat gently . 	Serve with a dollop of sour_cream and croutons . 	TIP :  to prepare squash ,  first cut squash in half horizontally . 	Place flat end onto cutting board to stabilize squash and use a peeler to remove skin . 	Remove seeds . 	Then cut into lengths ,  and then into diced pieces . 	NOTE :  if you have leftover mashed potatoes from Thanksgiving ,  add about 1/2 cup ,  which will thicken the soup and add a nice smoothness .
Prehear oven to 400 degrees F . 	Heat and stir turkey in dressing in large skillet on medium heat until warm . 	This can also be done in a microwave . 	Stir in vegetables and soup . 	 ( I dice an onion and use frozen peas ,  carrots ,  lima beans ,  and white corn ) 	Spoon into greased 9-inch square baking dish ;  top with cheese . 	Unfold pastry sheet ;  place over turkey mixture . 	Fold under edges of pastry ;  press onto top of baking dish to seal . 	Brush pastry with egg . 	Cut several slits in pastry to allow steam to escape . 	Put casserole dish on baking sheet . 	 ( incase of overflow ) 	Bake 30 minute or until crust is deep golden brown . 	Let stand 5 minute before serving allowing to set so when served it does not run .
1 . In a large bowl ,  mix together flour ,  salt ,  baking_powder ,  cinnamon ,  nutmeg ,  ground_cloves ,  ginger and Flax Seeds ;  set aside . 	Preheat waffle iron to desired temperature . 	2 . In a separate bowl ,  beat the eggs . 	Stir in the milk ,  oil vanilla and honey . 	3 . Mix fruit in dry mixture . 	4 . Pour the milk mixture into the flour/fruit mixture ;  mix lightly till nicely blended . 	5 . Ladle the batter into a preheated waffle iron . 	Cook the waffles until golden and crisp .
In a bowl ,  combine corned_beef ,  shrd . 	cheddar ,  mayo .  ,  onion ,  and relish . 	Spread atop buttered/toasted burger buns ,  replace tops . 	Place on cookie sheet ,  vent with aluminum foil . 	Bake at 425' for aprx . 	15-20 minutes or until heated through .
Whip cream in small bowl until it holds stiff peaks . 	Stir together curd and cream_cheese in separate bowl until smooth . 	Fold whipped cream into curd mixture . 	Pipe or spoon mixture into shells . 	Top with your favorite garnish . 	Refrigerate until serving .
Heat oven to 400 degrees F . 	Pierce potatoes with fork or small sharp knife ;  place on microwaveable plate . 	Microwave on HIGH 8 min .  ,  turning after 4 min . 	Transfer from plate to oven . 	Bake 20 min . 	until potatoes are tender . 	Cut slits in tops of potatoes ;  top with remaining ingredients .
Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat . 	Add shallots and ginger and saute until tender ,  about 4 minutes . 	Add apple ,  zucchini ,  both bell peppers and carrot and saute until tender but not brown ,  about 5 minutes . 	Remove from heat . 	Cool to room temperature . 	Mix crabmeat ,  mayonnaise ,  2 tablespoons chopped chives and saute vegetables in large bowl to blend . 	Season to taste with salt and pepper . 	 ( Can be prepared 1 day ahead . 	Cover and refrigerate .  ) 	Combine tomatoes ,  cilantro ,  vinegar ,  garlic and cayenne in blender and puree until almost smooth . 	Gradually add oil and blend until sauce is thick . 	Transfer to medium bowl . 	Season to taste with salt and pepper . 	Arrange endive spears on large platter ,  tips toward platter edge . 	Spoon crab salad into center of platter . 	Drizzle sauce over endive . 	Garnish salad with chopped fresh_chives and serve .
Stir yeast into 1/2 cup warm water ,  allow to foam-up for 10 minutes . 	Pour yeast mixture to all remaining ingredients and add just enough water to mix dough ,  but not too sticky . 	Mix all ingredients together ,  knead thoroughly . 	Divide into four pieces and place in oiled bowl or pot ,  and cover with lid or towel . 	Allow dough to rise 30-mins . 	knead each of the 4 dough balls again ,  and return them to the bowl/pot to rise another 30-mins . 	Using 1/4 at a time ,  knead dough ball one last time ,  then cut dough into pieces that can be rolled into about a 5 rope . 	Make a circle of the rope and use your baby finger to make an indentation where the ends join . 	Set on a blanket covered table that has been covered with a clean white sheet . 	Gradually cover rows of doughnut shaped rounds with the sheet when all are arranged on table ,  cover also with the blanket . 	Let rise until doubled in size . 	Bake in a 350 oven for about 15 minutes ,  or until they start to firm up ,  but not turn brown yet . 	Split each circle in half  ( like a bagel )  while still hot using a fork to pierce the doughnut shape all around the middle . 	Separate and return to oven at 375 or 400  . 	Toast until brown .
In medium saucepan ,  melt chocolate with water over low heat . 	Continue heating ;  add walnuts ,  sugar ,  rum and vanilla . 	Mix well . 	Remove from heat ;  form into 1 inch balls . 	Roll in sugar . 	Store in refrigerator .
Preheat oven to 400 F .  In a food processor ,  pulse flour ,  sugar and baking_powder until well combined . 	Next ,  add butter and pulse until the mixture resembles small peas . 	In a separate bowl ,  mix egg ,  ricotta ,  vanilla and cinnamon . 	Next ,  add the egg mixture into the food processor and pulse just until wet and dry ingredients come together . 	Roll out dough on a floured surface . 	Cut into 6 pieces and place on a parchment paper lined baking sheet . 	Top each piece with bite sized peach pieces and sprinkle with pinch of turbinado_sugar on each scone . 	Bake 13-15 minutes . 	For the glaze ,  mix confectioners sugar ,  milk ,  and cinnamon in a small bowl until well combined . 	Top scones with cinnamon glaze .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	To make the crust :  combine flour ,  nuts ,  and brown_sugar . 	Add melted butter ,  tossing to combine the ingredients . 	Spread the mixture in a 9x13 inch pan . 	Bake the crust at 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  for 15 minutes ,  stirring occasionally until lightly browned . 	Remove from pan and set aside to cool . 	Sprinkle 1 1/2 cups crust mixture in a 9x13 inch pan . 	Reserve the remaining crust mixture . 	Filling :  In large bowl combine strawberries ,  sugar and lemon_juice . 	Fold whipped topping into the mixture . 	Carefully spoon filling over the crust mixture . 	Sprinkle the remaining crust mixture on top . 	Cover and freeze for 6 hours or until firm . 	 ( You will need the full 6 hours )  .
In a large bowl ,  cream together the peanut_butter and sugar . 	Add the vanilla and salt and mix well . 	Now add half the milk and half the flour ,  and all of the baking_powder . 	Mix very well . 	Add the remaining milk and flour ,  and mix again until the batter is nice and smooth . 	Turn the mixture into a well oiled 9 by 5-inch loaf pan . 	Bake at 350 for about an hour . 	Remove from the oven ,  and allow to cool for about 10 minutes before removing from the pan . 	Cool completely before wrapping and storing . 	These loaves freeze well .
Cream sugar and butter together till smooth . 	Add in egg beaters ,  orange_rind ,  orange_juice ,  and mix well . 	Mix together low sodium baking_powder and flour . 	Add in to creamed mix and mix well . 	Roll dough into 1 inch balls and place on ungreased cookie sheet . 	Rub small amount of salt free butter on bottom of glass . 	Dip glass in granulated_sugar . 	Flatten cookie dough ball slightly using flat end of glass . 	Bake at 300 degrees for 10-12 min .
Cut the melon into chunks ,  reserving the juices . 	Put the melon and its juices into a blender along with the apple_juice and lime_juice and blend until smooth . 	Add the mint for just a few seconds at the end . 	Pour the soup into a bowl and whisk in the yogurt . 	Taste the soup and correct the seasonings . 	You may want to add more mint or perhaps a little honey .
Brown the meat in a large skillet or dutch oven . 	Add the onions and cook until transparent . 	Add the bell pepper ,  and saute until tender . 	Add the rice ,  olives ,  and raisins and heat through . 	 ( Raisins should be plump . 	 )  . 	Season with salt and pepper to taste .
Place the cut fruits in a bowl . 	Add salt ,  pepper ,  fresh_cream and sugar . 	Mix well . 	Garnish with mint leaves . 	Serve chilled .
Cover the wheat_berries with water and soak overnight . 	The next day place the wheat_berries with 8 cups water in a large saucepan . 	Bring to a boil ,  reduce heat and simmer for about 1 to 1 1/2 hours or until tender ,  uncovered . 	Drain and refrigerate until completely cooled . 	Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil and fry the onion 2 minutes until soft . 	Add the curry paste and cook 3 more minutes	Remove from heat and allow to cool . 	Combine the wheat_berries ,  curry onion mixture ,  nuts ,  red_pepper ,  mozzarella and parsley in a bowl . 	Whisk together the remaining 2 tablespoons oil ,  salt and the white_wine_vinegar . 	Add to the wheat berry salad and mix together . 	Serve .
Heat oven to 375 degrees and grease a 13x9-inch pan . 	Combine 1 1/2 cups oat ,  flour ,  sugar ,  cinnamon ,  soda and salt . 	To your dry ingredients add the juice ,  oil ,  egg and vanilla ;  mix well . 	Stir in fruit . 	Spread into the bottom of the pan . 	Sprinkle with the 2 tablespoons of oats . 	Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until lightly browned and the edges start to pull away from sides of the pan . 	Cool completely ,  cut into bars and store in a covered container .
Spread popped_corn in a large shallow pan . 	Pat in 250F oven to keep . 	Combine butter ,  brown_sugar ,  and corn syrup in 2 quart sauce pan . 	Heat at medium until sugar dissolves . 	Continue to boil to form a firm ball  ( 248F )  ,  about 5 minutes . 	Remove from heat ,  stir in soda and syrup  ( will foam )  . 	Pour mixture over warmed corn in a fine stream . 	Return to oven for 45 minutes ,  stirring every 15 minutes . 	Cool and store in airtight containers .
Simmer everything except the mango and oil ,  until thick . 	Pour over the mangos . 	Add the oil and mix well . 	Cool and refrigerate at least 12 hours .
Toss meat with 2 Tbsp . 	of the steak sauce ;  let stand 10 min . 	to marinate . 	Meanwhile ,  combine remaining 2 Tbsp . 	steak sauce ,  the barbecue_sauce and mustard ;  set aside . 	Preheat grill to medium-high heat . 	Thread meat onto eight long metal or soaked wooden skewers . 	Grill skewers 6 min . 	or until meat is cooked through ,  turning after 3 min . 	and brushing frequently with the barbecue_sauce mixture .
Preheat oven to 500F  ( yes ,  500F ! 	 )  . 	Grate the potatoes and onions on the middle sized hole of a grater ;  either by hand or by food processor . 	If you grate the potatoes and onions together ,  the potatoes will not turn grey right away . 	Put into a large bowl or soup pot ,  and mix well with remaining ingredients . 	Grease your baking pans ,  and pour mixture evenly into the pans . 	Bake for 15 minutes at 500F ,  then lower the oven to 400F until done  ( check after an hour or so ;  it should be golden brown on top )  . 	Eat and enjoy .
If making your own sauce ,  prepare it the day before you are planning to make the meatloaf . 	In a large bowl ,  combine the first nine ingredients  ( everything but the lamb/beef and tzatziki sauce )  . 	Crumble lamb or beef over the mixture and combine well . 	Shape into a loaf and place in a greased 11x7 "  baking dish . 	Bake uncovered at 350 for 55-60 minutes or until no pink remains and a thermostat reads 160 . 	Let stand for 15 minutes before slicing . 	Drizzle with tzatziki sauce .
First ,  have a very large bowl or pot close to stove top so you can put ingredients in as they are cooked . 	Second ,  you need a good sized fry pan ,  preferabley with deep ,  straight sides . 	Third ,  a good pair of tongs and spoonula . 	Fourth ,  are the ingredients . 	These are estimations ,  I don't really measure . 	Fifth ,  you might want to do the prep ahead so as to be able to cook and stuff all at once . 	Or not ! 	 * you could use just ground_pork but the sausage gives a better taste . 	Heat fry pan and oil lightly with a pat of butter . 	Fry 1/2 the beef and 1/2 the sausage together . 	Make sure to break it all up and mix it well until all is cooked . 	Dump it all into the pot/bowl you have waiting . 	Juices and all . 	Do the same to the rest of the beef and sausage . 	Mix thoroughly . 	Melt 1/4 cup  ( 4 Tbs )  butter in fry pan and saute the celery until almost cooked . 	Dump it all into the pot/bowl and mix thoroughly . 	Melt 1/4 cup  ( 4 Tbs )  butter in fry pan and saute the onion until wilted ,  but not brown . 	Dump all into the pot/bowl and mix thoroughly . 	Add seasonings at this point . 	Use the amount that is to your liking . 	Mix very well . 	If it seems too dry at this point ,  melt more butter in the fry pan and add to the mix . 	Finally ,  add the 1 box of croutons and mix several times over the next 15-20 minutes . 	There should be little or no liquid in the bottom of the pot/bowl after this time . 	The croutons should have absorbed it . 	If not ,  add more croutons and repeat . 	Now you can either put the stuffing in a casserole dish ,  roaster or other baking pan  ,  and cook separately from the turkey . 	I stuff my turkey ,  both neck and cavity immediately ,  while the stuffing is hot ,  and put it into the oven to roast . 	The extra stuffing goes in a separate pan to cook along side the turkey . 	If you use a spearate casserole to do cook the stuffing ,  you may want to use some pan drippings to mix into the casserole and give it more flavor . 	With this we serve mashed potatoes ,  peas ,  my special turnip/carrot mash ,  cranberry sauce ,  and Polish rye or sisal bread . 	Of course ,  the gravy ,  too !
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F . 	In a large bowl ,  toss the wings with salt and pepper and oil . 	Line a sheet pan with nonstick foil or parchment paper ,  and spread the wings evenly on the pan . 	Bake for about 50 minutes ,  turning the wings halfway through . 	In the last couple of minutes ,  you can turn on the broiler to get them to really crisp up . 	Keep an eye on them ,  though ! 	When the wings are done ,  melt the butter in a skillet or wok and add the Sriracha ,  honey ,  rice_wine ,  soy_sauce ,  hoisin ,  and salt . 	Stir over low heat until bubbly . 	Transfer the wings from the baking sheet into the pan with the sauce . 	Toss until coated . 	Garnish with chopped cilantro and serve immediately .
Heat oven to 350 . 	Line an 8 "  square pan with foil . 	Let ends extend above pan on 2 sides . 	Grease foil in pan . 	For crust :  Process toasted almonds in a blender or possibly food processor using the on/off button just till finely minced . 	Add in sugar and butter and process on/off till well mixed . 	Press mix proportionately over the bottom of the foil lined pan . 	For Blondie :  Heat butter in the microwave or possibly a saucepan over low heat . 	Off heat ,  add in the white_chocolate and let stand 2 min . 	Whisk till smooth . 	Meanwhile beat the Large eggs ,  both sugars and baking pwdr in a medium bowl with an electric mixer on high speed till pale and fluffy ,  about 2 min . 	Beat in cooled white_chocolate ,  the lemon_peel and extracts . 	Stir in flour just till blended . 	Spread batter evely over the crust . 	Sprinkle with slivered_almonds ,  patting almonds down slightly into batter . 	Bake 30 to 35 min till a pick inserted in the center comes out with a moist crumb . 	Cold in pan on wire rack . 	Lift foil by ends onto a cutting board . 	Cut brownies into 9 squares . 	Cut each square in half diagonally . 	NOTES  :  To Toast Almonds :  Spread in a shallow pan and bake in a 350 oven for 10 min ,  stirring once or possibly twice ,  till lightly browned . 	Let cold	completely before chopping .
Heat oil in pan	Whisk 2 eggs in a bowl and sprinkle with salt and black_pepper	Put the whisked egg mixture into oil and fry it for a minute	Put slices of cheese into pan over half cooked omelette and flip it after one min	Take it out of pan as omelette gets inflated and color is changed .  .  . enjoy it with any tortilla or paratha  ( southeastern bread )  with ketchup .
Heat oven to 325F	Lightly grease fluted tube cake pan	In large food storage bag . 	Mix granulated_sugar ,  cinnamon	Cut 16 biscuits into quarters . 	Shake biscuit quarters in food storage bag to coat with sugar and cinnamon . 	Arrange coated pieces in pan . 	Mix melted butter or margarine with brown_sugar . 	Pour butter mixture over biscuit pieces . 	Bake 45 to 50 minutes or until golden brown and no longer doughy in center . 	Let cool in pan 10 to 15 minutes . 	Turn upside-down onto serving plate . 	Pull apart and enjoy warm .
Tear chicken into bite size pcs ,  mix with soup ,  chili ,  salsa and tapioca . 	Line bottom of crock pot with 3 corn_tortillas ,  torn into bite size pcs . 	Add in 1/3 of the chicken mix . 	Sprinkle with 1/3 of the onion and 1/3 of the grated cheese . 	Repeat layers of tortillas topped with chicken mix ,  onions and cheese . 	Cover and cook on low 6 to 8 hrs or possibly high for 3 hrs . 	Garnish with sliced black_olives .
Wash and boil the corn_kernels or get a tinned boiled one from your grocery store . 	Wash mushrooms and remove the dirt neatly . 	Finely grind onions and tomatoes into a paste . 	Keep aside . 	Heat the dish and put some oil . 	Once you can feel the oil heat ,  put cloves ,  bay_leaf and star_anise to it . 	Toss it a bit . 	Now add the paste of Onion and tomatoes . 	Add some red chilly powder ,  coriander_powder ,  pepper powder to the mixture . 	Add water to this and bring it to boil until you notice a thin layer of oil come up separately . 	Add half cup of milk to this . 	Now add corn_kernels and mushrooms with some salt and boil closed . 	Finally mix cornflour to quarter cup of water and mix it with the dish . 	In few minutes the gravy will thicken . 	Top it with a spoon of fresh_cream and finely chopped coriander_leaves . 	Serve hot !
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat . 	Add the onion and jalapeno and cook uncovered ,  stirring often ,  until the onion is browned ,  about 6 minutes . 	During the last minute ,  add the garlic . 	Let cool slightly . 	Combine the red peppers ,  onion and garlic ,  red_wine_vinegar ,  balsamic_vinegar ,  brown sugar ,  and cumin in a food processor and process to a puree . 	Season with salt . 	Transfer to a medium bowl and let cool completely ,  then cover tightly and refrigerate until chilled ,  at least 1 hour ,  or up to 2 days . 	Transfer to a serving bowl and serve chilled .
In a large bowl ,  toss the shrimp ,  green_onions ,  celery ,  capers ,  black_olives ,  oil and vinegar dressing ,  mayonnaise ,  celery seed ,  and lemon_juice . 	Chill at least 1 hour in the refrigerator before serving .
Cook lamb strips over high heat in a hot ,  lightly greased wok or frying pan ,  2 minutes or until browned . 	Remove meat and set aside . 	Add a little extra oil if needed . 	Add onion and vegetables and cook over high heat ,  3 - 4 minutes until just tender . 	Return lamb to the pan and pour in dressing and olives . 	Toss so as to heat through . 	Do not boil . 	Remove to serving plate and serve immediately ,  generously topped with chopped herbs and grilled focaccia .
Combine peanut butter ,  Crisco ,  brown sugar ,  milk ,  and vanilla in a large bowl . 	Beat at medium speed until well blended . 	Add egg and beat just until blended . 	Mix in the flour ,  salt ,  and baking_soda at low speed and mix just till blended . 	Drop by heaping teaspoonfuls about 2 "  apart onto an ungreased sheet . 	Flatten slightly in crisscross pattern with tines of a floured fork . 	Bake at 375 degrees for 7-8 minutes or until set and just beginning to brown . 	Cool for 2 minutes on the sheet before removing .
Use cooking spray on medium heat in a large skillet or wok . 	Break up and cook sausage until browned . 	Add onion ,  green_pepper and carrots and fry until cooked . 	Add soy_sauce and cook for 2 minutes .
Saute chopped garlic in the butter and olive oil ,  add mushrooms until mostly soft . 	Set aside to cool . 	When cooled ,  drain off extra liquid . 	Mix soup ,  milk ,  pepper ,  1/2 of the crumbled bacon ,  sauteed mushrooms ,  green beans and 1 1/3 cups French Fried Onions in a large bowl . 	Transfer into large baking dish and spread into even layer . 	Bake at 350F for 40 minute or until hot . 	Stir and then top with remaining 1 1/3 cup onions and bacon . 	Bake 5 minute until onions are golden .
For the fritto misto :  In a medium bowl ,  mix together the flour ,  salt and pepper . 	In a large heavy-bottomed saucepan ,  pour enough oil to fill the pan about 1/3 of the way . 	Heat over medium heat until a deep-frying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 375 degrees F .   ( If you don't have a thermometer a cube of bread will brown in about 1 minute . 	 )  . 	Mix the egg and water together to make the egg wash .  Dip the cauliflower ,  green_beans ,  fennel ,  garbanzo_beans ,  and lemon slices in the egg wash ,  then dredge in the flour to coat . 	Fry the dredged ingredients for 1 to 3 minutes until lightly browned . 	Drain on paper towels . 	For the lemon mayonnaise :  In a small bowl ,  whisk the mayonnaise and lemon juice together until smooth . 	Pour into a small dipping or serving bowl . 	Arrange the fritto misto on a platter and serve with the lemon mayonnaise . 	If you don't want the lemon mayo ,  a good squeeze of fresh lemon does the trick too ! 	Try this with other vegetables too . 	I'm going to do eggplant and zucchini next .
Preheat oven to 375 . 	Cut squashes in half and scoop out seeds . 	Place squashes cut side up on a cooking tray and roast until soft and a little browned  ( about 25 minutes )  . 	Once cooked ,  scoop out squash and discard the skins . 	Meanwhile ,  chop onion and garlic . 	Cook with olive_oil over medium-high heat until soft . 	Add cumin ,  tomatoes ,  black_beans ,  squash ,  salt_and_pepper and stir . 	Add vegetable_broth and bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat and simmer for 25 minutes . 	Blend using a handheld blender or traditional blender . 	Garnish with avocado slices and serve .
Preheat oven to 375F degrees . 	Mix pie filling &  cherries in an ungreased 8x8 baking pan . 	Combine oats ,  baking mix ,  brown_sugar ,  nuts ,  butter &  cinnamon until crumbly ;  sprinkle over fruit . 	Bake uncovered until fruit is hot &  bubbly ,  and topping is golden brown ,  approximately 45 minutes .
In a blender put the seltzer . 	Squeeze the juice from half a lemon on top of the seltzer . 	Add the splenda and then the watermelon . 	Blend until slushy . 	Depending on your blender ,  you may need a tad more seltzer .
Measure out the cocoa_powder into a mixing bowl . 	Grease your measuring cup with a little oil or cooking spray to measure out 1/2 cup honey ,  and mix with the cocoa_powder with a fork or whisk . 	Blend until the mixture resembles frosting and there are no loose cocoa particles floating around . 	Cut in the peanut butter ,  until the chocolate mix absorbs it . 	Form balls of the mixture with your hands and place on a plate ,  and freeze for at least 2 hours prior to eating . 	Can be eaten cold or frozen .
Spread the raspberry preserves in an even layer on the bottom of the crust . 	Beat together cream cheese ,  peanut butter and brown_sugar until smooth . 	Gently fold in Cool Whip . 	Spread peanut butter mixture over raspberry layer . 	Cover loosely and refrigerate for 2 hours . 	Cut into slices and top with chopped peanuts and fresh raspberries before serving .
Mix the mashed_potatoes together with the flour . 	DON'T knead ,  because the dumplings will  " sink "  . 	Shape the dough into small balls . 	Place in a kettle of boiling salted water . 	Once they rise to the surface ,  let them cook for 10 minutes . 	Drain and sprinkle with fresh_parsley . 	Serve as side dish .
Turn on oven at 180C  ( 350F )  . 	Melt butter in a frying pan and saute carrots for 2 mins ,  add cumin and stir well . 	Add spring_onions and mushrooms and cook ,  stirring ,  for another 2 mins ,  then remove from heat . 	Stir together the beaten eggs ,  tomato_puree ,  cheese ,  walnuts ,  parsley ,  salt  &  pepper . 	Combine with the rice and cooked vegetables and mix thoroughly ,  then taste and adjust seasoning if required . 	Generously grease a 28 x 12 cm  ( 11 x 4 1/2 in )  loaf tin and line base with greased grease-proof paper . 	Pack the mixture in well ,  being careful to to fill the corners . 	Bake in pre-heated oven for 50-60 mins or until firm . 	Cool slightly before turning out or cutting individual slices . 	To Make Chive Sauce :  . 	In a small stainless steel or other non-aluminium saucepan bring to the boil the wine ,  spring_onions ,  citrus peel and citrus juice and continue boiling uncovered until reduced to about 1/4 cup  ( 2 fl oz )  in volume . 	Strain into a bowl ,  allow to cool slightly ,  then beat in the soft butter ,  a small piece at a time . 	Stir in the chives and season to taste with salt  &  pepper . 	If you feel the flavour is too sharp ,  stir in a little thickened cream .
Heat oven to 350 degrees F . 	Cook cauliflower in boiling water in large saucepan 4 min . 	 ;  drain well . 	Melt 2 Tbsp . 	butter in large saucepan on medium heat . 	Add onions ;  cook and stir 3 min . 	or until crisp-tender . 	Stir in flour and mustard ;  cook and stir 1 min . 	Whisk in milk ;  cook 5 min . 	or until thickened ,  stirring frequently . 	Remove from heat . 	Add 1-1/2 cups cheddar and 3 Tbsp . 	Parmesan ;  stir until cheddar is melted . 	Add cauliflower ;  stir to evenly coat . 	Spoon into 2-1/2-qt . casserole sprayed with cooking spray . 	Microwave remaining butter in medium microwaveable bowl on HIGH 30 sec . 	or until melted . 	Stir in bread crumbs and remaining Parmesan ;  sprinkle over cauliflower mixture . 	Bake 20 to 25 min . 	or until heated through ,  topping with remaining cheddar for the last 5 min .
Season the chicken pieces with Essence . 	Pour 2 cups of the buttermilk over the chicken and cover with plastic wrap . 	Place the chicken in the refrigerator and marinate for 1 hour . 	Heat the oil in a large cast iron skillet . 	Remove the chicken from the refrigerator and drain . 	Season the flour with Essence . 	In a shallow bowl ,  whisk the eggs with the remaining buttermilk . 	Dredge each piece of chicken in the seasoned flour . 	Dip each piece of chicken in the egg wash ,  letting the excess drip off . 	Dredge the chicken pieces back in the seasoned flour ,  coating each piece of the chicken completely . 	Carefully lay the chicken in the hot oil . 	Fry the chicken for 4 to 6 minutes on each side ,  or until golden brown and the juices run clear . 	Remove the chicken from the oil and drain on a paper-lined plate . 	Season the chicken with salt_and_pepper . 	Combine all ingredients thoroughly . 	Yield :  2/3 cup
Put milk ,  onion_salt and pepper sauce into a medium saucepan . 	Tear cheese into small pieces and add to pan . 	Heat over medium-low to medium heat until cheese is melted and mixture is smooth .
Rub ribs with 1/3 of this mix . 	Cook ribs 30 min at 450 degrees . 	To rest of mix add in 8 oz can tomato_sauce and 1/4 c .  vinegar . 	Bring to boil . 	Turn oven back to 375 degrees . 	Baste with remaining mix . 	Bake 1 hour .
In a bowl stir together mayonnaise ,  soy_sauce ,  sugar ,  and lemon juice . 	Transfer 2/3 cup soy mayonnaise to a small bowl and stir in wasabi paste . 	Stir tuna into remaining 1/3 cup soy mayonnaise . 	Chill wasabi mayonnaise ,  covered ,  at least 1 hour and up to 24 . 	Marinate tuna ,  covered and chilled ,  at least 1 hour and up to 24 . 	Prepare grill . 	Thread 2 tuna cubes onto each skewer and grill on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until just cooked through ,  2 to 3 minutes on each side . 	Serve tuna sates with chilled wasabi mayonnaise .
Heat breakfast links as directed on package ;  cut lengthwise in half . 	Spread tortilla with reduced-fat cream_cheese ;  top with links . 	Fold tortilla in half . 	Cook in nonstick skillet on medium heat 2 min . 	on each side or until lightly browned on both sides .
For the brownies :  Preheat your oven to 325 degrees F .  Prep your pan with olive oil spray  ( wipe out any excess )  or lightly grease with coconut oil . 	In a sauce pan ,  place the broken pieces of chocolate and butter . 	Melt over low heat ,  stirring often . 	Once melted ,  remove off of the heat and add the sugars ,  stir and set aside . 	Next sift the flour ,  cocoa powder ,  baking powder and salt into a large bowl and set aside . 	To the slightly warm chocolate/sugar mixture ,  add in 1 egg at a time ,  stirring after each additional egg . 	Then add spoonfuls of the flour/cocoa mixture and stir with a spatula until smooth . 	Pour batter into prepared doughnut pan and bake in preheated oven for 12-14 minutes or until a tester comes out with a trace amount of batter . 	It shouldnt be runny . 	Let cool for 10 minutes in the pan and then remove to a wire rack and prepare the glaze . 	For the glaze :  In a medium-sized bowl ,  lightly whisk the powdered_sugar to break up any clumps . 	Add in the peanut butter ,  vanilla and whole_milk . 	Stir until silky smooth . 	Dunk the cooled doughnuts into the glaze and turn glaze-side-up back onto the wire rack . 	Top with chocolate_sprinkles ,  chopped peanuts or toasted coconut if desired . 	Enjoy !
Brown beef and bacon ;  drain . 	Add onion cook until transparent . 	Add the rest of the ingredients and heat . 	Simmer 10 minutes and serve .
Heat chocolate on top of double boiler . 	Combine cream_cheese with lowfat milk and gradually add in sugar and salt . 	Stir in melted chocolate and beat till smooth . 	Makes 2 c .  frosting .
Use 3/4 cup boiling water to dissolve Jello - chill before adding milk	Add the milk and fruit . 	Stir in other ingredients . 	Pour in to shallow dish . 	Cover and put in the frig . 	to set .
In a bowl ,  combine the flour ,  lemon pepper ,  butter and cream until smooth ;  stir in the cheese ;  set aside . 	Cut a lengthwise slit down the center of the roast to within 1/2 inch of the bottom . 	Open roast so it lies flat ;  cover with plastic wrap and flatten to 3/4 inch thickness . 	Remove plastic ;  place ham slices over roast ;  spread cheese mixture lengthwise down one side of the roast to within 1 1/2 inches of ends . 	Roll up ,  jelly roll style ,  starting with the long side with the cheese filling ;  tie several times with kitchen string ;  secure ends with toothpicks . 	Combine marjoram ,  oregano ,  and basil ;  rub over roast . 	Place on a rack in a shallow roasting pan ;  roast ,  uncovered at 325F for 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 hours until meat thermometer reads 160 degrees ;  let stand for 10 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  in a skillet ,  saute onion in butter until tender ;  stir in the cornstarch until blended . 	Whisk in cream and broth ;  bring to a boil ;  cook and stir for 2 minutes or until thickened ;  remove from the heat and stir in the sour_cream . 	Slice roast ;  serve with cream sauce .
Combine all ingredients except dressing . 	For each serving :  Plate about 4 cups of the salad mixture ;  top with 3 Tbsp . 	dressing .
In a large skillet ,  stir the cornmeal over moderate heat ,  shaking the pan occasionally ,  until lightly toasted ,  about 2 minutes . 	Transfer to a plate to cool . 	In a medium bowl ,  combine the cornmeal with the flour ,  1/2 cup of the pumpkin_seeds ,  the salt ,  sugar and crushed red pepper . 	Using your fingers ,  work the butter into the cornmeal mixture until incorporated . 	Mix in the milk ,  pressing the dough with your hands to form a ball ;  add a little more milk if necessary . 	Cover the dough and refrigerate until chilled and firm ,  about 1 hour . 	Preheat the oven to 350 . 	Butter 2 baking sheets . 	Pinch off 1-inch pieces of dough and roll into balls . 	Arrange the balls on the baking sheet and press into 2-inch rounds with a flat-bottomed glass . 	Press the remaining 1/4 cup of pumpkin_seeds into the rounds . 	Bake the crackers for about 10 minutes ,  or until browned around the edges . 	Let cool for 5 minutes ,  then transfer to a large plate . 	Serve warm or at room temperature .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees . 	Combine first 5 ingredients in large bowl . 	Stir in rhubarb and nuts . 	Pour in lined muffin tins . 	In small bowl ,  combine topping ingredients . 	Sprinkle on muffins . 	Bake for 20 minutes .
In stockpot ,  add the oil  &  heat on medium	Add onion  &  garlic and clarify for 5 minutes	Add ground_beef to pot and brown	Add carrots and celery and simmer for 10 minutes	Add the remaining ingredients except dried pasta	Reduce heat and simmer uncovered for 60 minutes ,  stirring occasionally from the bottom	After 30 minutes of simmer time ,  begin boiling lightly salted water to cook the pasta	Cook pasta as directed on box - cooked al dente ,  stirring often to prevent pasta from sticking	Drain pasta after cooking and add to simmering soup mixture	Serve in bowls with shaved parmesan placed on top ,  serve with toasted rustic or garlic bread
Wash the fresh spinach thoroughly under cold running water to remove any sand . 	Drain by shaking it vigorously by hand or in a lettuce basket ,  then chop coarsely . 	If frozen spinach is used ,  thoroughly defrost and drain it . 	Bring 2 quarts of chicken stock to a boil in a 3 to 4 quart saucepan and add the fresh or frozen chopped spinach . 	Simmer uncovered about 6 to 8 minutes ,  then pour the entire contents of the pan into a sieve set over a large bowl . 	Press down hard on the spinach with the back of a wooden spoon to extract all it's juices . 	Set the liquid aside in the bowl and chop the cooked spinach very fine . 	Melt 3 tablespoons of butter in the saucepan . 	When the foam subsides ,  remove the pan from the heat and stir in the flour . 	With a wire whisk ,  beat the hot stock into this white roux a little at a time . 	Return the saucepan to the heat and ,  stirring it constantly ,  bring it to the boil . 	Then add the spinach . 	Season soup with salt ,  pepper and nutmeg . 	Half cover the pan and simmer soup over low heat about 5 minutes longer . 	Stir occasionally . 	Garnish each serving of soup with a few slices of hard-cooked egg .
Wash onions ,  trim ends and remove outer layer  ( keep whole )  . 	Cook in salted boiling water for 30- 50 minutes  ( depending on size of onions )  until soft and onion layers start to 'come apart' . 	Drain water ,  and toss onions w/ margarine ,  sugar ,  salt_and_pepper . 	You can make this recipe a day or 2 in advance ,  store in fridge ,  and heat up in microwave just before serving .
Heat canola_oil ,  lightly flour chicken and fry in batches til golden brown . 	Puree cilantro , jalapeno , garlic , fish_sauce and lime juice . 	Heat butter . 	Make sure not to burn the butter . 	Mix butter and puree together . 	Toss chicken_wings in mixture . 	Pour onto platter and garnish with leftover puree and limes . 	ENJOY !
Put the chocolate bar into a microwave-safe bowl and add the milk . 	Microwave until the chocolate is soft and melted ,  about 30 seconds . 	Stir Greek_yogurt into the chocolate mixture until smooth .
Brown meat and onion in large saucepan ;  drain . 	Add tomato sauce ,  undrained tomatoes ,  water ,  pasta ,  beans ,  1/4 cup cheese and chili_powder ;  stir . 	Cover ;  cook on medium heat 10 to 12 minutes or until pasta is tender ,  stirring occasionally . 	Sprinkle with remaining cheese just before serving .
Bake chicken and allow to cool prior to assembling . 	Heat oven to 375 ,  bake . 	Oil the bottom of a 9x13 pan . 	Mix olives and tomatoes in a bowl ,  set aside . 	Grate cheese in another bowl ,  set aside . 	Open jar of taco sauce . 	Fill center line of tortilla with 2 spoons of chicken ,  2 spoons of tomato-olive mix ,  a little cheese and two spoons of green sauce . 	fold ingredients around tortilla and place down in the pan . 	Fill all tortillas . 	Cover the top with remaining cheese and green sauce . 	Bake for 20-30 min until all enchiladas are heated through . 	Extra cheese or sauce may be desired when serving .
In a large bowl ,  mix together the gochujang ,  vinegar ,  sugar ,  berry extract and soy_sauce . 	Bring to a boil 3 quarts of water in a large pot with plenty of space to spare . 	Add the noodles ,  and when the water returns to the boil ,  add a cup of cold water . 	Return to the boil and repeat ,  adding the cold water ,  twice more . 	By this time the noodles should be al dente . 	Drain them ,  rinse briefly with cold water and drain well . 	Add noodles to the bowl of seasoning . 	Toss together . 	Divide among 4 plates or bowls ,  top each with cucumber and serve .
Begin by heating broiler . 	and toasting bread . 	While bread is toasting ,  combine all ingredients EXCEPT cheese in an oven-safe dish . 	Once bread is toasted ,  set aside and allow to cool . 	Place sauce under broil for up to 5 minutes or until slightly bubbling . 	Cover sauce with cheese and place back under broil until cheese melts and begins to brown . 	Take fondue out of the broil and allow to sit for a couple minutes ,  just so its not like putting molten lava in your mouth . 	Serve with bread ,  fried veggies ,  or even tortilla chips .
Preheat your oven to 350F . 	Oil and flour a 9 " X13 "  cake pan . 	In a small bowl ,  whisk together the oil ,  sugar ,  molasses ,  water ,  soymilk and vanilla . 	In a large bowl ,  sift together the flours ,  baking_powder and soda ,  salt and spices . 	Pour the liquid mixture in the dry one and very rougly combine . 	It is perfect if there are still big wet spots and big dry spots . 	Add the carrots ,  dates and coconut and mix until well combined . 	Pour the batter in the pan . 	It will be thick ,  so you must equalize it with a spatula . 	Bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour ,  or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean . 	Let the cake in the pan to cool on a rack for about 30 minutes ,  then cut in squares ,  unmold and cool the pieces on the rack overnight ,  or 6-12 hours . 	Eat !
In a large soup pot ,   ( 12 cup capacity )  add the water ,  potatoes ,  carrots ,  celery ,  onion ,  salt ,  pepper and thyme . 	Bring to a boil ,  then reduce heat ,  cover ,  and simmer for 15 minutes  ( until vegetables are some what tender )  do not drain . 	Add the 1-1/2 cans of creamed_corn ,  and bacon . 	Keep covered ,  and cook over very low heat . 	Intructions to cooking the White Sauce -- . 	In a medium- size saucepan ,   ( over low heat )  add the butter until melted . 	In a glass measuring cup ,  combine the milk and cornstarch ;  mix well . 	Raise the heat just abit ,  and add the milk-cornstarch mixture . 	Keep stirring until it becomes somewhat thick . 	Add the shredded cheese ;  stir until completely melted . 	Add this to the corn chowder ,  stir and heat through thoroughly ,  but do not boil .
Heat oven to 325 degrees  . 	In large bowl combine 1 cup margarine and pudding mix ;  beat until light and fluffy . 	Add egg ;  blend well . 	Gradually add flour ;  mix well . 	Shape dough into 1-inch balls ;  roll in sugar . 	Place 2 inches apart on ungreased cookies sheets . 	With thumb ,  make indentation in center of each cookie . 	Bake at 325 degrees for 15-18 minutes or until firm to the touch . 	Immediately remove from cookie sheets . 	Cool 15 minutes or until completely cooled . 	Fill each indentation with 1/2 teaspoon preserves . 	In small saucepan ,  melt chocolate chips and 3 tablespoons margarine over low heat ,  stirring until smooth . 	Drizzle glaze evenly over cookies .
Move oven rack to lowest position . 	Heat oven to 375F  ( 190C )  . 	Sift together powdered_sugar ,  flour ,  and cocoa . 	Beat egg_whites and cream of tartar in large bowl on medium speed until foamy . 	Beat in granulated_sugar ,  2 tablespoon at a time ,  on high speed ,  adding salt with the last addition of sugar . 	Continue beating until stiff and glossy . 	Do not underbeat . 	Sprinkle cocoa mixture ,  1 tablespoon at a time ,  over meringue ,  folding in just until cocoa mixture disappears . 	Spread batter in ungreased tube pan ,  10x4 inches . 	Gently cut through batter with metal spatula . 	Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until cracks feel dry and top springs back when touched lightly . 	Invert pan onto metal funnel or glass bottle about 2 hours or until cake is completely cool . 	Remove from pan . 	Slice off top of cake about 1 inch down ;  set aside . 	Cut down into cake 1 inch from outer edge and 1 inch from edge of hole ,  leaving substantial inchwalls inch on each side . 	Remove cake within cuts with curved knife or spoon ,  being careful to leave a base of cake 1 inch thick . 	Spoon sherbet into cake cavity ;  smooth top . 	Replace top of cake . 	Cover and freeze about 3 hours or until firm .
Blend first 7 ingredients in processor . 	Set orange glaze aside . 	Prepare bbq  ( medium heat )  . 	Place smoke chips in 8x6-inch foil packet with open top . 	Set packet atop coals about 5 minutes before grilling . 	Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper . 	Grill chicken until golden ,  turning occasionally ,  about 5 minutes per side . 	Continue grilling chicken until cooked through ,  brushing glaze over chicken and turning occasionally ,  about 25 minutes longer .
Whisk butter ,  1 teaspoon rosemary ,  1/4 teaspoon thyme ,  and pinch of salt in small bowl to blend . 	Wrap rosemary butter in plastic wrap ,  forming 1 1/2-inch-diameter log . 	Chill at least 2 hours . 	 ( Can be made 1 week ahead . 	Keep refrigerated .  ) 	Arrange chops in single layer in large baking dish . 	Drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive_oil . 	Sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons rosemary and 3/4 teaspoon thyme . 	Sprinkle with salt and pepper . 	Rub oil and seasonings into chops . 	 ( Can be prepared 1 day ahead . 	Cover with plastic wrap and chill . 	Let stand at room temperature 1 hour before continuing .  ) 	Heat 2 tablespoons olive_oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat . 	Add rosemary_sprig and garlic . 	Saute until garlic is fragrant but not brown ,  about 2 minutes . 	Discard rosemary_sprig and garlic . 	Increase heat to high . 	Add chops ;  cook until chops are browned and meat thermometer inserted horizontally into center reads 130F ,  about 2 minutes per side . 	Transfer chops to plate . 	Pour off drippings from pan . 	Reduce heat to medium-high . 	Add wine to skillet and cook until reduced to about 2 teaspoons ,  scraping up browned bits ,  about 30 seconds . 	Add chicken broth ;  cook until reduced to about 2 tablespoons ,  about 30 seconds . 	Drizzle over chops . 	Cut rosemary butter into 4 slices . 	Place 1 slice atop each chop and serve .
Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil . 	Add the pasta and boil for 10-12 minutes until al dente . 	While the Pasta is cooking ,  melt the butter in a pan . 	Add the garlic and cook for two minutes . 	Add half the gorgonzola cheese to the pan with the cream and stir over low heat until the cheese has melted . 	Add the basil and season with pepper ,  if needed . 	Drain the pasta ,  divide between warmed serving plates ,  pour the sauce over the pasta and scatter the remaining Gorgonzola cheese evenly over each dish . 	Serve immediately .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Separate dough into 4 rectangles ;  firmly press perforations to seal . 	Place 8 pepperoni slices on each rectangle . 	Sprinkle each rectangle with approximately 2 tablespoons mozzarella_cheese . 	Starting at shortest side ,  lightly roll up each rectangle ;  pinch to seal . 	Slice each roll into 4 equal sections . 	Pinch dough together on one open side of each slice to seal . 	Place each slice sealed-side down on ungreased cookie sheet . 	Bake for 18-20 minutes or until golden brown . 	Serve with warm pizza_sauce .
In a bowl ,  combine flour ,  sugar ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda and salt . 	Cut in butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs . 	Beat the egg ,  sour_cream and almond_extract until smooth . 	Stir into dry ingredients just until moistened  ( batter will be thick )  . 	Combine flour ,  sugar ,  and cinnamon for the topping in a small bowl ;  cut in butter until crumbly . 	Stir in almonds ;  set aside . 	In a mixing bowl ,  beat cream_cheese ,  egg ,  sugar and vanilla until smooth . 	Fill greased muffin cups half full with batter . 	Divide cream_cheese filling and preserves evenly between muffin cups ;  swirl gently . 	Cover with remaining batter . 	Sprinkle with topping . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 20-22 minutes or until muffins test done . 	Cool for 5 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks .
Preheat nonstick or well-seasoned cast iron grill pan over medium high heat . 	Drizzle halibut pieces with oil ,  then season with crab_boil_seasoning ,  salt and pepper . 	Grill on a hot pan 4 or 5 minutes on each side . 	Place melted butter in a small dish and add juice of 1/2 lemon . 	Combine all ingredients for the tartar sauce in a small bowl . 	Lightly toast buns on grill pan after fish is removed . 	To assemble ,  brush bun bottoms and fish with lemon butter . 	Top fish with tomato and lettuce and slather the bun tops with tartar sauce ,  then serve . 	Serve with Asparagus salad and fancy chips . 	1 small shallot or 1/2 large shallot ,  finely chopped	1/3 cup extra-virgin olive_oil ,  eyeball it	1 pound asparagus ,  thin spears	2 endive ,  cored and thinly sliced	1/2 small red bell pepper ,  chopped	1/2 pound bow tie pasta ,  farfalle ,  cooked to al dente and cooled	1/2 cup frozen green peas	1/4 cup chopped flat leaf parsley ,  a couple of handfuls	3 tablespoons white wine vinegar	Salt and freshly ground black pepper	Heat shallot and oil in microwave safe covered dish for 30 seconds or in a small pan on the stovetop over medium low heat for 5 minutes . 	Allow oil to cool back to room temperature . 	Hold a spear of asparagus at each end and snap it . 	The spear breaks where the tender tops meet the tough bottoms . 	Line the broken spear up with the bundle of cleaned asparagus . 	Cut the spears using the guideline of the snapped spear . 	Par boil the asparagus tops in 1 inch simmering water covered for 3 to 5 minutes . 	Cool under cold running water and drain . 	Cut asparagus into 1-inch pieces on an angle and add to a bowl . 	Combine chopped ,  cooked asparagus with shredded endive ,  red bell pepper ,  cooked pasta ,  green peas and chopped parsley . 	The peas will defrost as you toss salad . 	Pour vinegar into a small bowl and whisk in cooled shallot oil . 	Pour dressing over salad and toss . 	Season salad with salt and pepper ,  to your taste and toss again . 	Yield :  4 servings	Prep Time :  10 minutes	Cook Time :  20 minutes ,  overlapping ,  including pasta	Ease of preparation :  easy
Preheat oven to 180C  ( 350F )  . 	Grease and line a 12x20cm  ( 5x8in )  loaf tin . 	Cream the butter and sugar till light and fluffy ,  add in the Large eggs one at a time ,  beating with electric mixer between each addition . 	Sift the flour with the baking pwdr and stir it into the butter mix alternately with the lowfat milk . 	Mix in poppy_seeds ,  rinds and slices of 2 apples . 	Transfer the mix to the tin ,  top with the remaining apple slices in overlapping rows . 	With the back of the spoon ,  push them into the mix till they are just buried . 	Bake for 1 and 1/2 hrs or possibly till a skewer inserted comes out clean . 	After 1 hour ,  check the cake and if becoming too brown ,  cover loosely with foil . 	Leave cake in tin for 15 mins or possibly till cooled . 	NOTE :  Suitable to freeze
Add all ingredients except for the milk to soup pan and cover with water . 	Simmer 4 hours covered ,  adding more water as needed or until the peas break up . 	after the peas break up ,  remove lid and let excess water steam off until you have a thick paste . 	Add evaporated_milk and serve .
Add rice to a large pan of boiling water . 	Cook over high heat about 15 minutes ,  until just tender . 	Watch carefully to prevent overcooking . 	Drain and rise thoroughly . 	Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a heavy skillet or pan over low heat . 	 ( I usually use same pan I used to cook the rice . 	 )  . 	Add rice ,  salt ,  and pepper . 	Heat ,  stirring gently with a fork . 	Stir in lemon_juice ,  capers ,  and parsley and remove from heat . 	Stir in remaining butter and adjust seasonings to taste . 	Serve immediately .
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer . 	Bring water to a boil . 	Add butternut squash cubes ,  cover ,  and steam until tender ,  7 to 10 minutes . 	Transfer squash to a bowl and mash ;  measure 1/2 cup mashed squash and reserve . 	Place the steamer insert back into the saucepan and refill with water to reach just below the bottom of the steamer . 	Bring water to a boil . 	Add cauliflower and broccoli ,  cover ,  and steam until tender ,  2 to 6 minutes . 	Process walnuts ,  almonds ,  and sunflower_seeds together in a blender or food processor until mixture resembles coarse breadcrumbs . 	Add broccoli and cauliflower ,  blend until finely chopped and incorporated . 	Blend 1/2 cup mashed squash ,  salt ,  cumin ,  and black pepper into the nuts mixture until well-mixed . 	If mixture is too thick to process ,  transfer it to a bowl and mix by hand . 	Divide mixture into 4 equal portions and shape into patties . 	Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat . 	Cook patties in hot oil until browned and heated through ,  about 2 minutes per side .
Remove casing from sausage and mix with ground beef . 	In large saucepan ,  fry meat until brown . 	Add garlic ,  onions ,  green_peppers ,  celery ,  carrot ,  salt and pepper and cook over Medium Low until vegetables are translucent . 	Pour in large roasting pan . 	Add remaining ingredients . 	Mix well . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  6 to 7 hours in a 300AF oven . 	Remove bay_leaves and spoon off excess fat floating on sauce . 	Serve over pasta of choice with parmesan cheese . 	Cool surplus sauce ,  pour in containers ,  seal and freeze for later use . 	Makes 8  ( 4 cup/1L )  containers approximately . 	Tips :  If using dried herbs ,  reduce the amounts . 	A large roasting pan is ideal for making the sauce . 	Enjoy !
Warm ghee in a heavy pan . 	Now add wheat_germ . 	Stir and cook till germ is golden in colour and aroma exudes . 	Meanwhile melt sugar or jaggery in 1 cup water . 	Keep aside . 	Boil and add remaining water to roasted wheat_germ . 	Stir gently now ,  and cook till the grain of the germ is soft on pressing . 	Add sugar or jaggery ,  add cardamom and chopped nuts . 	Stir and simmer covered ,  stirring occasionally . 	Cook till ghee separates along the sides . 	Serve hot . 	Freeze and thaw as required . 	Before serving ,  take in pan ,  sprinkle some hot water . 	Heat while stirring ,  till ghee again separates .
In a large saucepan ,  saute the chicken ,  onion ,  celery ,  carrots and garlic in butter and oil for 5 minutes . 	Stir in the basil ,  oregano and pepper until blended . 	Set aside 1 cup broth . 	Gradually add remaining broth to the pan . 	Stir in tomatoes . 	Bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat ;  cover and simmer for 45-60 minutes . 	Return to a boil ;  stir in the pasta . 	Reduce heat ;  simmer ,  uncovered ,  for 10-13 minutes or until pasta is almost tender . 	Combine flour and reserved broth until smooth . 	Stir into pan . 	Bring to a boil ;  cook and stir for 2 minutes or until thickened .
Preheat oven to 350 *  . 	Squeeze excess moisture from zucchini and apple . 	In a medium bowl ,  mix together flour ,  soda ,  powder ,  salt and spices . 	In a large bowl ,  mix sugar ,  eggs ,  oil and vanilla until well blended . 	Add zucchini ,  carrot ,  apple and pineapple to wet mixture . 	Add dry ingredients . 	Mix until combined . 	Pour into paper-lined or greased muffin tins  ( 24 muffins )  or greased loaf pans  ( 2 large )  . 	Bake for 20 minutes  ( muffins )  or 60 minutes  ( loaves )  . 	May be topped with cream cheese icing for extra deliciousness !
In saucepan ,  combine broccoli ,  cauliflower ,  water ,  salt ,  and basil . 	Cook till tender . 	In separate pan ,  heat butter till lightly browned . 	Add in flour and stir till smooth . 	Gradually add in lowfat milk ,  stirring constantly ,  till thickened . 	Pour over vegetable mix and stir till blended .
In small saucepan ,  combine garlic and broth and bring to a simmer over medium-high heat . 	Reduce heat to low ,  cover and simmer until garlic is very tender ,  15 to 20 minutes . 	Transfer broth to blender or food processor . 	Add tofu and oil and process until mixture is smooth and creamy . 	Cover to keep warm . 	Meanwhile ,  in large saucepan ,  combine potatoes with enough cold water to cover . 	Add 1 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil over medium-high heat . 	Reduce heat to medium ,  cover and cook until potatoes are tender ,  10 to 15 minutes . 	Reserve 1/2 cup of potato cooking water ;  drain potatoes well . 	In large bowl ,  mash potatoes ;  gently stir in warm tofu mixture and enough reserved potato water to make smooth puree . 	Season with remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt ,  pepper and nutmeg and serve .
Cut the chicken into bite sized pieces . 	Grate the first onion ,  and add in first measures of ginger ( grated )  ,  garlic ( pureed )  and add chilli powder ,  cumin ,  garam_masala and lemon_juice . 	At this stage you could also choose to add goat yoghurt to the mix to assist in tenderising but I don't so I've left it off the instructions . 	Add the chicken to the spice mix and mix together . 	Leave to marinade at room temperature for 30 minutes or in the fridge 2 hours or even overnight . 	Bake or grill the chicken at 200C for 12-15 minutes or until just cooked . 	Meantime -- in a saucepan or frying pan heat the oil and add in the second onion ,  ginger and garlic  ( all grated or pureed )  . 	Cook over a medium heat ,  stirring often ,  until the mixture browns but does not burn - it will be very fragrant . 	Add in the second measure of cumin and chilli powder and cook until the oil starts to separate out  ( don't worry ,  this is normal )  . 	Then add the tomato_paste and cook again until the fat starts to separate . 	Add the coconut_cream ,  salt and garam_masala ,  and then add the chicken back in and heat through . 	You may want to add some lemon_juice if you think the sauce needs a bit of oomph  ( this will bring out the gentle chilli heat )  . 	Serve over rice with your choice of sides .
Cook Ground beef and drain using strainer ) 	Place ground_beef back in pan and add can diced_tomatoes ,  and chopped onions kidney_beans  ,  and spaghetti_sauce .  .  . cover and cook until onions are tender . 	 . add your favorite seasoning I used garlic_powder ,  onion_powder Italian seasoning and salt and pepper .  .  . add rice last	Cut bell_peppers in half  .  . removing all seeds and rinse well	Stuff peppers and sprinkle cheese on top and place in oven for about 30mins or until pepper is cooked to your liking and cheese is melted .  .  . I also put the boiler on for a couple of minutes to roasted and makes cheese a lil crunchy
Make pastry dough :  In workbowl of a food processor combine flour ,  sugar and salt . 	Add butter and shortening and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal . 	With motor running ,  pour in egg mixture and process just until dough begins to come together . 	Turn out dough onto plastic wrap and shape into a disk . 	Cover and chill for at least 1 hour . 	Preheat oven to 350 degrees F .  Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface and fit it into a 9-inch ceramic or glass baking dish 1 1/2 inches deep . 	Prick dough with a fork ,  line with waxed paper and weight with beans . 	Blind bake pastry shell for 10 minutes . 	Carefully remove beans and waxed paper and continue to bake 5 minutes more . 	In a blender combine batter ingredients and blend until smooth . 	In a saute pan melt butter ,  add peaches and sugar and cook for 5 minutes until peaches are tender . 	To assemble ,  pour some batter into cooled shell ,  top with peaches ,  distributing them evenly ,  then pour remaining batter over . 	Bake at 350 degrees F for 1 hour ,  until center is just firm . 	Serve warm .
Place olives ,  Parmesan cheese ,  and garlic  ( if using )  in a food processor . 	Add olive oil slowly while running . 	Process until smooth .
Cut Chicken into 1 inch pieces . 	Add chicken to heated on medium high with oil . 	Cook ,  while stirring ,  for 3-5 minutes slightly brown the chicken . 	Reduce heat . 	Add canned tomatoes with their juice ,  chili_sauce ,  peppers ,  onions ,  celery ,  garlic and spices . 	Bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat ,  cover and simmer for 10 minutes .
Cook whole zucchini in boiling water in a medium saucepan 8 to 10 minutes or until tender . 	Drain and let cool slightly . 	Slice zucchini in half lengthwise . 	Carefully scoop out zucchini pulp ,  leaving 1/4-inch-thick shells . 	Finely chop zucchini pulp . 	Set zucchini pulp and shells aside . 	Saute minced onion in butter in a skillet over medium heat until onion is tender . 	Add chopped zucchini pulp ,  grated Parmesan cheese ,  Italian-seasoned breadcrumbs ,  pepper ,  and salt . 	Cook until vegetable mixture is thoroughly heated . 	Stir in crumbled bacon . 	Spoon vegetable mixture evenly into reserved zucchini shells . 	Top vegetable mixture with shredded Cheddar cheese . 	Place stuffed zucchini shells on an ungreased baking sheet . 	Bake at 450 degrees Fahrenheit for 8 to 10 minutes or until stuffed zucchini shells are thoroughly heated and cheese melts . 	Serve immediately .
Blend all ingredients except COOL WHIP in blender until smooth . 	Pour into 4 glasses . 	Top with COOL WHIP . 	Serve immediately .
SAUCE :  In a large fry pan over medium heat ,  heat oil and saute onion and garlic until translucent . 	Add mustard seeds ,  salt ,  parsley and paprika and simmer for 5 minutes . 	Add remaining sauce ingredients ,  bring to a boil ,  then reduce heat and simmer on low for 30 minutes . 	Remove from heat and let cool ,  then puree in blender until smooth . 	Use immediately ,  or store in refrigerator for up to a week . 	Preheat oven to 425 degrees . 	TOFU :  Cut the tofu into 3/4 "  thick slices . 	Dip the slices in the BBQ sauce to coat . 	Arrange the tofu slices in single layer in oiled casserole dish . 	Bake for about 25 minutes or until sauce has baked into the tofu . 	Transfer to serving platter and garnish with green_onions or fresh chives .
Peel and halve pears lengthwise . 	Scoop out core using a melon baller . 	Place pears face up in 8x8-inch glass baking dish . 	Sprinkle cranberries and apricots over and around pears . 	Stir sweetened_condensed_milk ,  water and imitation brandy_extract together until smooth ;  pour over and around pears . 	Set dish in a 9x13 inch ovenproof pan ;  set on oven rack . 	Carefully pour boiling water into outer pan to 1/2-inch depth . 	Bake in 350F oven for 40 minutes or until pears are tender ,  occasionally spooning sauce over pears . 	Meanwhile ,  stir ricotta and lemon_zest together . 	Slowly and carefully remove pan from oven ;  remove pear halves and place on a serving plate . 	Spoon ricotta mixture into each scooped out pear half . 	Drizzle sauce and dried fruit over pears . 	Serve immediately .
In a large skillet ,  melt butter over medium heat . 	Cook chops in butter ,  turning once to brown evenly . 	Pour in wine ,  and season with salt ,  pepper ,  rosemary ,  and garlic . 	Simmer ,  uncovered ,  for 20 minutes ,  or until chops are tender . 	Transfer pork_chops to serving plates ,  and spoon sauce over the meat .
If you like margaritas served in a glass with salt ,  rub the outside rims of 6glasses with a cut lime and dip each glass lightly into a plate of kosher_salt . 	Combine the lime_juice ,  lemon juice ,  Triple Sec ,  tequila ,  and ice in a blender and puree . 	Place extra ice in a cocktail shaker . 	Fill with margarita mix ,  shake well ,  and strain into glasses .
Cook onion and pepper in fat in skillet till tender . 	Lb . 	flour into beef with edge of heavy saucer . 	Brown meat on both sides in oil . 	Add in sauce ,  water and seasonings with onions and pepper to meat . 	Cover and simmer ,  or possibly put into a casserole dish and bake for about 1 hour and 30 min or possibly till tender .
Mix the dry cake mix ,  cool whip and egg to form a cookie dough . 	Drop by spoonfuls into powdered sugar and roll . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 10-15 minutes .
Mix all together and fry till done . 	 ( I use all liver instead of grnd beef .  )
Cook pasta as directed on package ,  omitting salt . 	Meanwhile ,  cook and stir scallops in 1/2 cup dressing in large skillet on medium-high heat 2 min . 	Add artichokes ,  bell peppers and crushed red pepper ;  cook and stir until scallops are opaque . 	Drain pasta . 	Add to scallop mixture with cheese ,  olives ,  basil and remaining dressing ;  mix lightly .
Combine all ingredients in a covered container . 	Shake until sugar and pectin are dissolved .
LINE a dinner-sized plate with foil . 	Place in freezer to chill for 10 minutes . 	Turn Magic Shell bottle upside down and shake for at least 20 seconds . 	SCOOP 6 rounded servings of cherry vanilla_ice_cream onto chilled plate . 	Immediately coat with Magic Shell . 	 ( To assemble later ,  return to freezer until ready to serve . 	 )  . 	ASSEMBLE by placing two scoops of ice cream into 1 of 3 tall  ( 12 ounce )  glasses . 	Fill glasses 2/3rds full with black_cherry_soda . 	Serve immediately with iced tea spoons and straws .
Use two deep pans and put 1 chicken into each . 	To each pan ,  pour in 2 1/4 cups water ,  bring to the boil ,  and remove the scum . 	Add 2 chopped onions ,  1 teaspoon cinnamon ,  1/2 teaspoon ginger ,  and 1/2 teaspoon saffron . 	Add salt and pepper and simmer ,  covered ,  for about 1 hour . 	Turn the chickens occasionally so they are well cooked all over . 	Lift out the chickens and ,  when cool enough to handle ,  remove the skin and bones and cut the meat into medium-size pieces . 	Pour the chicken stock with the onions into one pan only and reduce by boiling it down until a thick sauce results . 	Stir in 1/2 stick  ( 4 tablespoons )  of butter ,  the honey ,  and the orange_blossom_water ,  if using ,  and cook a few minutes more . 	Taste ,  and add extra salt and pepper if necessary . 	Add the herbs and return the chicken pieces to the sauce . 	All this can be done in advance and reheated when you are about to serve . 	Fry the almonds in the oil until lightly browned ,  then drain on paper towels . 	Crush them with a pestle and mortar or coarsely chop them . 	Just before serving ,  break the vermicelli into small pieces by crushing the nests in your hands . 	Cook in rapidly boiling salted water for 5 minutes ,  until al dente ,  stirring vigorously at the start so that the threads do not stick together in lumps . 	Drain very quickly and then pour it back into the pan . 	Stir in the remaining butter ,  cut into small pieces ,  and some salt . 	Put the chicken with its sauce into a very large ,  deep ,  round serving dish . 	Cover with a mountain of vermicelli ,  and decorate this with lines of cinnamon ,  confectioners sugar ,  if using ,  and chopped almonds emanating from the center like rays . 	For buried in couscous  ( couscous medfoun )  ,  the fine-ground couscous ,  seffa ,  is used instead of vermicelli . 	Prepare 5 cups as described on page 112 and heat it through in the oven . 	Cover the chicken with a mountain of couscous . 	As above ,  make a design by sprinkling thin lines of cinnamon and confectioners sugar ,  fanning down like rays from the top ,  and decorate the bottom of the mound with whole or chopped toasted almonds or walnut halves and raisins or dates .
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F . 	Put the cranberries and orange juice in a small saucepan ,  and bring just to a simmer over medium heat . 	Remove berries from the heat ,  and set aside to cool and plump . 	Drain off any excess liquid and set aside . 	Lightly brush a 12-muffin tin with butter . 	Sift the flour ,  baking_powder ,  and salt into a medium bowl and set aside . 	In a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment ,  or with an electric hand-held mixer in a large bowl ,  cream the butter ,  orange_zest ,  and 2/3 cup sugar until light and fluffy ,  about 2 minutes . 	Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula . 	Add the eggs ,  one at a time ,  beating well after each addition . 	Remove the bowl from the mixer . 	Fold the flour in 3 parts into the butter mixture ,  alternating with the milk in 2 parts ,  until just combined . 	Fold in the cranberries . 	Do not over mix . 	Divide the batter evenly into the muffin tin and sprinkle the tops with sugar . 	Bake until golden brown ,  about 25 minutes . 	Cool muffins in the pan on a rack . 	Serve warm .
Mix Vinegar ,  mustard ,  salt and pepper together . 	Add oil and whisk until well blended . 	Spread greens on plate or in bowl . 	Cover with tomato slices . 	Arrange Cheese slices on top of tomatoes . 	Drizzle dressing over salad . 	Sprinkle with fresh_basil .
Cake :  . 	- Pre heat oven to 350 deg  ( lower to 325 for dark/non stick pans )  . 	- Spray two 8 inch round pans with baking spray or grease with butter . 	- Combine dry ingredients  ( cake mix ,  cocoa powder and pudding mix )  in a medium bowl until well blended . 	- In a seperate bowl combine wet ingredients  ( butter ,  buttermilk ,  beaten eggs ,  vanilla ,  food_coloring )  and mix unitl well blended . 	- Now slowly add your wet ingredients to you dry ingredients ,  mixing and scraping the side of the bowl as you go . 	Continue until all are well blended and beat for additional 2 minutes . 	Note :  Batter will be thick ,  if you think it is too thick for your mixer to handle you can add more buttermilk to thin it down ,  but don't add too much . 	- Pour batter evenly split between the two baking pans . 	- Bake according to package directions or until toothpick comes out center clean -- approx 30 minute . 	- Cool . 	Optional Homemade Frosting - Make while the cake is cooking :  . 	- Cream butter and cream_cheese together until they are light and fluffy . 	- Gradually add the powdered_sugar and continue beating until well blended . 	- Add vanilla and heavy_cream and beat until fluffy and spreadable . 	Optional :  For a thicker frosting you can add more powdered_sugar until you get the consistency you are looking for . 	- Place into the refrigerator until you are ready to use . 	Assembly :  . 	- Make sure cakes have cooled . 	- Stir the frosting until it is spreadable again . 	- Place first layer of cake on plate . 	- Spread 1/3 of the frosting over this layer . 	- Place the second layer  ( upside down )  on top . 	- Spread the rest of the frosting over the entire cake . 	- Refrigerate until you are ready to serve .
Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F  ( 190 degrees C )  . 	Stir the oats ,  flour ,  white_sugar ,  brown_sugar ,  graham_cracker_crumbs ,  and cinnamon in the bowl of a stand mixer . 	Using the whisk attachment ,  cut the butter into the mixture until crumbly . 	Press about half of the mixture into the bottom of an ungreased 9x13-inch baking dish . 	Spread the peanut_butter over the oat mixture . 	Stir the jelly to make it spreadable and swirl into the peanut_butter . 	Sprinkle the remaining oat mixture over the peanut_butter and jelly layer ;  gently pat until it sticks together . 	Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown ,  25 to 35 minutes . 	Allow to cool completely before cutting into bars .
Place each chicken breast half between 2 sheets of heavy-duty plastic wrap ;  pound to 1/2-inch thickness using a meat mallet or rolling pin . Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat . 	Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper . 	Add chicken to pan ;  cook 2 minutes on each side or until done . 	Remove from pan . Add shallots to pan ;  saute 1 minute or until tender . 	Combine broth and cornstarch ,  stirring with a whisk . 	Add broth mixture ,  capers ,  juice ,  and tarragon to pan . 	Bring to a boil ;  cook until reduced to 1/2 cup  ( about 3 minutes )  ,  stirring frequently . 	Serve sauce over the chicken .
First soak each individual ingredients and minced . 	Combine all the ingredients in a bowl and add sesame_oil ,  fish_sauce and salt . 	Marinate the pork and etc for half an hour in room temperature . 	Then combine the beaten eggs to the meat . 	I use a small pan for a round shape . 	Add a oil to the pan and fry each side until it is golden brown in medium low fire . 	Once it is done and serve with white rice .
Preheat oven to 400F and lightly spray muffin pans with cooking spray or line with cupcake papers . 	Sift flour ,  baking_soda ,  and salt together . 	Mix together boiling_water and all bran . 	cream together Crisco ,  sugar ,  eggs ,  and buttermilk in a separate large bowl . 	Add bran mixture ,  bran_buds ,  allspice ,  flour ,  baking_soda ,  and salt . 	Mix only until flour is absorbed . 	Fill muffin tins 2/3 full . 	Bake ;  check after 15 minutes ,  may need an extra few minutes to bake . 	Use as much batter as needed ;  cover and store extra batter in refrigerator for up to two weeks .
Preaheat oven 350 degrees . 	Slice off top of bread ;  reserve hollow-out insides ;  leaving 1/2 inch shell . 	Cut removed bread into cubes ;  Place bread cubes on cookie sheet and spray with pam ,  bake cubes until golden brown ,  stirring occasionally ;  Set aside . 	Combine cheddar cheese ,  cream_cheese and sour_cream in bowl . 	Stir in ham ,  green_onions ,  chilies and Worcestershire . 	Spoon into bread shell . 	Tightly wrap loaf with a couple layers of foil . 	Set on cookie sheet . 	Bake for 1 hour or until filling is heated through and cheese is melted . 	Unwrap  &  transfer to platter . 	Remove top of bread . 	Stir filling before serving . 	Use toasted cubes for dipping as well as raw vegetables . 	If the shell is left ,  toast slices in oven ,  excellent for a snack !
Cook pasta according to package directions . 	Drain and rinse with cold water . 	Place in large mixing bowl . 	Add remaining ingredients and toss . 	Refrigerate until ready to serve . 	Can be made several days ahead .
Prepare macaroni shells according to package directions ;  drain and set aside . 	In a mixing bowl ,  add the spinach ,  onion ,  egg ,  salt and pepper to taste ,  and cottage_cheese ;  stir to combine . 	Spoon spinach mixture into shells . 	Place shells in a shallow baking dish . 	Mix together the soup and water ;  spoon over macaroni shells . 	Cover and bake at 350 for 25-35 minutes or until heated through .
Place chicken in a shallow dish . 	Combine marinade ingredients with 1 tablespoon water ;  pour over meat . 	Chill ,  covered ,  1 to 2 hours . 	Remove chicken from marinade ;  drain excess . 	Heat canola_oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat . 	Cook chicken until no longer pink in the center ,  about 4 minutes per side . 	Serve with Roasted Corn and Edamame Salad  .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	Cream together butter and sugar . 	Beat in eggs ,  one at a time ,  until fully incorporated . 	In a separate bowl ,  toss currants ,  raisins and pecans with flour . 	Fold into butter mixture . 	Fold in bread ,  cinnamon ,  allspice ,  cloves and pumpkin_pie_spice . 	Pour into an 8x8 inch baking dish . 	Bake in preheated oven 40 minutes ,  until set .
mince all vegetables in food processor or by hand ,  place into a large bowl and mix in other ingredients with a thin wire whip til well mixed  ( you can use whole ground or brown mustard as a sub for the creole )  .
Mix the butter and the cream_cheese in a large bowl then slowly add sifted_flour until the ingredients form a soft dough . 	Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours . 	Sift some powdered_sugar on a cutting board  ( just a dusting- enough so dough won't stick when you roll it out )  . 	Gather a ball of dough the size of a walnut and roll on the cutting board into a circular shape . 	Sprinkle more powdered_sugar as needed so the dought does not stick . 	Place a small spoonful  ( approx . 	2 teaspoons )  of pineapple_preserves in the middle of the circle . 	Either roll the dough up or fold over and seal the edges . 	Place on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper and bake at 350 degrees for 10-15 minutes  ( until the cookies begin to lightly brown on the bottom and edges . 	 )  .
Combine noodles ,  spinach and remaining ingredients ,  reserving about 1/2 cup of the cheese to sprinkle on top . 	Cook in covered casserole in 350 oven until cheese is bubbly .
Place the unrolled crescent dough onto a pizza pan . 	Spread the dough out with your hands until it covers the pan . 	Bake about 10 minutes at 400 degrees F until lightly browned . 	While its baking ,  combine the cream_cheese ,  mayonnaise and Ranch dressing ,  garlic_powder ,  dill and salt . 	Mix well . 	Remove the crust from the oven and let it cool . 	Spread the cream_cheese mixture over the cooled crust ,  then top with the chopped vegetables . 	Cut into wedges and serve . 	Keeps well in the refrigerator for several days . 	Great make-a-head dish . 	Donna's Tip :  . 	 "  added my chopped onions to the filling but you can just sprinkle on top . 	Also a little hint ,  after I sprinkled my vegetables I covered the pizza with . 	saran wrap and before I placed . 	pizza in fridge to chill ,  I gently pressed down all the vegetables so they . 	would set and not tend to fall off when you cut pizza "  .
Heat oven to 350 degrees F . 	Prepare cake batter as directed on package ;  pour into 13x9-inch baking dish sprayed with cooking spray . 	Beat dry pudding mixes ,  granulated_sugar ,  milk and water with whisk 2 min . 	 ;  pour over batter in dish . 	Place baking dish on baking sheet . 	 ( Baking sheet will catch any sauce that might bubble over sides of dish as dessert bakes .  ) 	Bake 55 min . 	to 1 hour or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean . 	Cool 20 min . 	 ( Sauce will thicken slightly as it cools .  ) 	Sprinkle with powdered_sugar . 	Serve warm . 	Refrigerate leftovers .
Add the olive_oil to the sides of the burger bread ,  then place the loaf into a preheated oven for 2 minutes . 	Put the bacon_bits in the lower part off the loaf . 	Put the mozzarella cheese on top of the bacon_bits . 	Then put the loaf into the microwave for 2 and a half minutes or until the cheese melts . 	Add the dried_mint on top of the cheese ,  and then enjoy your meal
Melt the butter in 5-quart saucepan over medium heat ,  add the chicken ,  and cook until it is no longer pink . 	Add the broth and heat to boiling ,  then add the pasta ,  vegetables and pepper . 	Stir to cover the pasta . 	Allow to boil ,  then reduce the heat . 	Cover the pan and simmer for 13 minutes  ( or until the pasta is tender )  ,  stirring every other minute . 	While the pasta is cooking ,  mix together the cream of chicken soup ,  the milk ,  and 1/2 cup of the cheese in a medium bowl . 	When the pasta is cooked ,  stir the soup mixture into the pot . 	Heat just to a boil ,  then sprinkle with the remaining parmesan and serve .
Use melon baller and shape meat into tiny meatballs . 	Brown in skillet . 	Discard any fat . 	Stir onion into skillet and cook 1 min . 	Add boiling_water or broth and extract or bouillon . 	Add remaining veggies ,  seasonings . 	Cover ,  cook over low heat ,  15 minutes until vegs are tender . 	Combine wine or water and flour in covered jar . 	Shake and stir into skillet . 	Cook and stir until sauce is thick ,  4 mins .
Place ingredients in blender or food processor and mix til smooth . 	FOR THE VEGGIES :  . 	Make a tempura batter and dredge your green beans ,  asparagus or any veggie in it and either flash fry in oil on the stove or in the oven for a healthier spin .
Preheat oven to 325F . 	Trim fat off of pork chops and tenderize with a fork . 	Heat skillet on medium-high heat and add 2 tablespoons olive_oil . 	Pour milk into a bowl ,  and mix breadcrumbs and corn flakes in a separate bowl . 	Dip each chop in milk and let it soak for about a minute . 	Dip in the bread crumb mixture and coat thoroughly . 	Add to the skillet and let cook on each side for about 3 to 4 minutes ,  or until breading is golden brown . 	Take off heat and add 1 cup chicken_stock to the skillet . 	Also add 1/4 cup asiago_cheese on top of each chop . 	Cover and bake at 325F for about 45 minutes . 	Make sure the chops do not dry out . 	If the skillet becomes dry ,  add more chicken_stock .
Place thawed broccoli in bottom of 8 x 8 x 2 inch casserole dish . 	Top with cooked_rice . 	Sprinkle chicken over rice . 	Mix lemon_juice ,  mayonnaise and cheese soup . 	Pour over chicken . 	Insert knife in mix so which topping goes into mix . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 35 to 45 min . 	Top may be sprinkled with additional cheese .
Heat the olive_oil in a saucepan over medium heat . 	Add the onion and celery and saute for 5 minutes . 	Stir in the corn ,  thyme ,  and water and season with salt and pepper . 	Bring to a boil ,  reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes . 	Remove the thyme sprigs . 	Remove the soup in batches to a blender and puree until smooth . 	Strain the soup through a fine sieve . 	Season with salt and white pepper . 	Add slightly more salt than needed to compensate for the cold serving temperature . 	Cover and chill for 3 hours or longer . 	Divide the Crab and Avocado Salad between 6 chilled bowls . 	Arrange the salad in a ring in each bowl . 	Spoon the soup into the center . 	Garnish with chopped fresh_chives ,  freshly ground white pepper and a drizzle of extra-virgin olive_oil . 	2 oranges ,  juiced	1 lime ,  juiced	1 lemon ,  juiced	1/2 cup extra-virgin olive_oil	Salt and freshly ground white pepper	1 pound jumbo lump or lump crabmeat ,  flaked	3 avocados ,  peeled ,  coarsely chopped	Whisk the orange juice ,  lime juice ,  lemon juice ,  and olive_oil in a bowl . 	Season with salt and white pepper . 	Fold in the crab meat and avocados . 	Adjust seasonings . 	Cover and chill .
Melt the butter in a large skillet ,  then add the sliced onions . 	Saute the onions until tender ,  about 5 minutes . 	Stir in the sugar ,  salt ,  and black_pepper and continue to saute for 20 minutes ,  stirring occasionally . 	Transfer the onions to the slow cooker . 	Add in the chicken stock ,  white wine ,  and thyme . 	Put the lid on and cook on low for 7 to 8 hours ,  or on high for 4 hours . 	Taste and add salt_and_pepper if needed . 	Turn the oven-broiler on high . 	Ladle soup into ovenproof bowls . 	Top the bowls with a slice of French_bread and cheese . 	Broil in oven until cheese is melted ,  3 to 5 minutes .
Position an oven rack just below the center of the oven . 	Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F . 	For the butter :  In a small bowl ,  combine the butter ,  rosemary ,  thyme ,  lemon juice ,  salt ,  pepper and garlic until smooth . 	For the chicken :  Tuck the wings under the chicken . 	Sprinkle the cavity of the chicken with salt and pepper . 	Spoon 2 tablespoons of the butter mixture into the cavity . 	Place the rosemary ,  thyme and lemon quarters in the cavity . 	Tie the legs together loosely with kitchen string . 	Place the chicken in a large roasting pan . 	Starting at the neck end of the chicken ,  loosen the skin over the entire chicken breast . 	Smear the remaining butter mixture over the outside and under the skin of the chicken ,  being careful not to tear the skin . 	For the vegetables :  In a large bowl ,  toss together the oil ,  rosemary ,  thyme ,  salt ,  pepper ,  potatoes ,  carrots ,  parsnips ,  shallots and garlic . 	Arrange the vegetables around the chicken in a single layer . 	Add the broth and roast until the vegetables are tender and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the chicken thigh registers 160 to 165 degrees F ,  about 1 1/2 hours . 	Let the chicken rest for 20 minutes . 	Transfer the chicken to a platter . 	Arrange the vegetables around the chicken . 	Scrape the contents of the roaster into a 4-cup measuring cup . 	Spoon off the layer of fat that rises to the top . 	Season the pan juices with salt and pepper ,  if needed . 	Serve the chicken with the pan juices .
Brown stuffing mix in pot with enough oil so as not to burn ( about 1/4 cup 4 mins )  . 	Slowly add 2 cups boiling_water and stir ,  let sit 5 minutes . 	Add cheese and chicken while mixing . 	Add egg and mix . 	Transfer to greased baking dish and bake ( unclovered for slightly crisp top ) on 350F . 	35-40 mins--Enjoy ,  easily reheats too !
Preheat a medium skillet over med-high heat . 	In a large bowl ,  combine meats ,  onion ,  parsley ,  salt ,  and pepper . 	Melt the butter into oil in the pan and begin rolling the meat mixture into small ,  bite-sized balls ,  adding them to the pan as you roll them . 	Stir/saute 10-12 minutes  ( make shake the pan occasionally to brown equally ,  if you are coordinated )  . 	Deglaze pane the wine and allow it to reduce by half ,  1 or 2 minutes . 	Remove pan from heat ;  squeeze the lemon juice over the meatballs in the skillet ;  serve .
Preheat greased grill to medium-high heat . 	Grill fruit 3 min . 	on each side or until lightly browned on both sides . 	Cut fruit into 2-inch sticks ;  place in large salad bowl . 	Add greens ,  jicama and tomatoes ;  toss lightly . 	Drizzle with dressing just before serving .
Spray 6-quart saucepot with nonstick_cooking_spray . 	Pat dry chicken breasts ,  cut into 1-inch pieces ,  and sprinkle with salt . 	Heat pot on medium-high ;  add chicken to pot . 	Cook 3 to 4 minutes or until browned all over ,  turning . 	Add pumpkin ,  tomatoes ,  peanut_butter ,  water ,  and ground_coriander . 	Break up tomatoes with spoon . 	Heat to boiling on high . 	Reduce heat to medium ;  simmer 5 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink in center .
In a large bowl ,  combine crabmeat ,  capers ,  egg ,  bread crumbs ,  mayonnaise ,  seafood_seasoning ,  onion ,  celery ,  and red pepper . 	Shape mixture into 10 patties . 	Cover and chill for 1 hour . 	Meanwhile in a food processor ,  combine the remoulade_sauce and roasted peppers . 	Cover and process until smooth . 	Transfer to a bowl ;  cover and chill until serving . 	In a large skillet ,  heat oil over medium-high heat . 	Cook the crab cakes in batches until golden brown ,  about 5 minutes per side . 	Serve warm with remoulade_sauce . 	Garnish with lemon wedges if desired .
1 . 	Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat . 	Add garlic ;  cook 30 seconds . 	Stir in corn ;  cook 8 minutes or until browned ;  stirring occasionally . 	Place corn mixture in a large bowl ,  add mango and remaining ingredients except greens ;  stir well . 	Arrange 1 cup greens on each of 8 plates . 	Spoon 1 cup corn mixture over greens .
In large pot ,  heat oil over medium heat . 	Add onion and cook over low heat ,  stirring occasionally ,  until golden brown ,  about 20 minutes . 	Add leeks ,  potatoes ,  3 cups broth and ginger . 	Bring to boil . 	Cover ,  reduce heat and simmer until potatoes are tender ,  about 20 minutes . 	Remove from heat ;  let mixture cool slightly ,  about 10 minutes . 	Using slotted spoon ,  transfer all solids in saucepan to food processor . 	Process until very smooth ,  stopping to scrape down side of work bowl as necessary . 	With machine running ,  gradually add liquid in pan to processor . 	Return soup to saucepan . 	Bring to simmer ,  adding remaining broth for desired consistency . 	Season with salt and stir in lemon juice . 	Ladle into bowls . 	Garnish each with lemon_slices and green onions if desired .
Preheat grill to medium-high . 	Combine rosemary ,  oil ,  garlic ,  lemon_zest ,  lemon_juice ,  salt  &  pepper into a bowl . 	Add the salmon and toss to coat . 	Alternate salmon  &  tomatoes on skewers . 	Oil the grill rack and grill spedini carefully ,  turning once until salmon is cooked  ( 4-6 minutes )  . 	 * Serve Immediately ! 	4 servings :  2 skewers EACH .
Spread 1 cup coconut onto bottom of microwaveable pie plate . 	Microwave on HIGH 3 min . 	or until lightly browned ,  stirring every minute . 	 ( Watch carefully as coconut can easily burn .  ) 	Cool . 	Meanwhile ,  microwave chocolate ,  2 Tbsp . 	milk and butter in small microwaveable bowl 2 min . 	or until chocolate is almost melted ,  stirring after each minute ;  stir until chocolate is completely melted . 	Spread onto bottom of crust . 	Refrigerate 15 min . 	or until chocolate is firm . 	Beat pudding mixes and 1-1/2 cups milk in large bowl with whisk 2 min . 	Let stand 1 min . 	or until thickened . 	Stir in 1-3/4 cups COOL WHIP and remaining  ( untoasted )  coconut ;  spread over chocolate layer in crust . 	Add 3/4 cup toasted coconut to remaining COOL WHIP ;  stir gently until blended . 	Spread over pudding layer ;  sprinkle with remaining toasted coconut . 	Refrigerate 4 hours or until firm .
Place the tomatoes in a 13 by 9-inch casserole dish . 	Sprinkle with salt_and_pepper to taste and top each with a pat of butter . 	Generously sprinkle the cheese over the tomatoes and broil for 10 to 15 minutes ,  until the tomatoes are heated through and the cheese is bubbly .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F . 	Whisk together the buttermilk ,  mustard ,  rice_vinegar ,  orange_marmalade ,  salt and pepper in a large plastic container . 	Add chicken_tenders to the marinade ,  turning with tongs to coat well . 	Place in refrigerator for 5-10 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  prepare the pretzels by placing them in a 1 gallon-size ziploc bag and crushing them with a rolling pin . 	 ( Pound the pretzels gently with the side of the rolling pin to crush .  ) 	Spread pretzels out in a shallow dish or plate . 	Remove chicken from refrigerator . 	Spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray . 	Make an assembly line by placing the chicken first ,  then the crushed pretzels ,  then the baking sheet . 	Dip each chicken tender in the crushed pretzels ,  turning to coat . 	Place on prepared baking sheet . 	Drizzle chicken_tenders with melted butter . 	Bake on the center rack of the oven 12 to 15 minutes until chicken is golden brown and cooked through . 	Drizzle with mustard .
Brown ground beef with onion in stock pot ,  stirring frequently ;  drain well . 	Add water ,  wine , undrained tomatoes ,  kidney beans ,  tomato_sauce and taco_seasoning_mix . 	Stir till mixed well . 	Cover and simmer for 35 to 40 minutes stirring occasionally . 	Garnish with some or all of the remaining ingredients .
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil . 	Meanwhile ,  heat olive_oil in a large ,  deep skillet over medium heat ;  add sausage . 	Cook until browned and halfway cooked through ,  about 7 minutes . 	At this point ,  add pasta to boiling water ,  stir a few times ,  and cook according to package directions . 	Add kale to sausage ;  cover skillet and cook 2 minutes ,  tossing once or twice ,  or until kale is wilted . 	Stir in peppers and garlic ;  cook 7 minutes longer ,  or until sausage is cooked . 	Drain pasta ,  reserving 1/2 cup of the cooking water . 	Return pasta to pot ;  add sausage mixture and reserved cooking water ,  and toss . 	Divide among 6 plates and sprinkle each with Parmesan cheese . 	Serve immediately .
Preheat an oven to 450 degrees F  ( 230 degrees C )  . 	Whisk flour ,  sugar ,  baking_powder ,  and salt together in a large bowl . 	Cut shortening into flour mixture with a fork or pastry knife until crumbly texture . 	Add milk ;  mix until just combined . 	Turn dough onto a floured surface ;  knead until completely mixed ,  about 1 minute . 	Divide into 2 equal pieces . 	Roll or pat each piece into a 3/4-inch round . 	Cut each round into 4 pieces . 	Arrange pieces on a baking sheet . 	Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown ,  about 15 minutes .
Heat oven to 350'F . 	In medium bowl stir together 3/4 cup granulated_sugar ,  flour ,  3 Tbls . 	cocoa ,  baking_powder and salt . 	Blend in milk ,  butter and vanilla ,  beat until smooth . 	Pour batter into 8- or 9-inch square baking pan . 	In separate bowl ,  stir together remaining 1/2 cup granulated_sugar ,  brown sugar and remaining 4 tablespoons cocoa ;  sprinkle mixture evenly over batter . 	Pour hot water over top ;  do not stir . 	Bake 35 to 40 minutes or until center is almost set . 	Let stand 15 minutes ;  spoon into dessert dishes ,  spooning sauce from bottom of pan over top . 	Garnish with whipped_topping .
Cream butter ,  almond_butter ,  sugar ,  and brown_sugar . 	Add vanilla and eggs until incorporated . 	Mix in dry ingredients except oatmeal . 	Add oats ,  chocolate chips ,  and cherries last . 	Line a jellyroll pan with foil and spray with nonstick spray . 	Cook 20 minutes on 350 .
Steam open the mussels . 	Put them in a deep pan with the water . 	Cover the pan and put over a high heat ,  shaking the pan ,  until the shells open . 	Remove from heat and discard any mussels that do not open . 	Mussels can also be opened in a microwave . 	Place them in a microwave-safe bowl ,  partially covered ,  and microwave at full power for one minute . 	Stir and microwave one minute more . 	Remove any mussels that have opened and microwave one minute more . 	Again remove open ones . 	Repeat twice more . 	Discard any mussels that have not opened . 	When cool enough to handle ,  remove and discard the empty shells . 	 ( Mussels can be cooked in advance and refrigerated .  ) 	Shortly before serving ,  arrange mussels on a bed of shredded lettuce on a serving platter . 	In a bowl combine the onion ,  green and red pepper ,  parsley ,  oil ,  and vinegar . 	Season with red_pepper_sauce and salt . 	Spoon the mixture into the mussels in their shells .
Stir fry garlic and onions in oil until they are slightly cooked  ( about 2 minutes )  . 	Add chicken meat and cook until mostly cooked  ( about 5 more minutes )  . 	Add chinese broccoli cut into bite size pieces along with miso and cook about 2 minutes more . 	Add soy ,  water and cornstarch and bring to a boil . 	Check seasoning once chicken has cooked through ,  and add salt as desired . 	Garnish with green_onions and parsley . 	Serve with rice .
In a large bowl ,  add the beef and break it up a little . 	From high above the bowl for even coverage ,  sprinkle over the onion pulp ,  1 teaspoon of the curry_powder ,  the onion_powder ,  1 teaspoon salt ,  a few grinds of pepper and the thyme . 	Gently mix with your non-dominant hand until just combined . 	Form into 4 equal balls and let rest in the bowl . 	Drizzle with the olive_oil ,  cover with plastic wrap and rest at room temperature 1 hour . 	In a liquid measuring cup ,  whisk the tomatoes ,  ketchup ,  honey ,  hot_sauce and the remaining 2 teaspoons curry_powder until combined . 	Preheat 4 personal-sized cast-iron pans over medium-high heat . 	Form each ball of beef into a patty and press each patty to fill the entire bottom of each pan ;  the patties will shrink as they cook . 	Cook until each patty easily lifts from the pan and a peek beneath reveals a golden-brown sear ,  about 5 minutes . 	Flip the patties ,  then immediately pour the tomato mixture evenly over each and jiggle the pans to settle the sauce . 	Using the back of a spoon ,  gently press a recess in the center top of each patty . 	Gently crack an egg into the center of each patty ,  resting the yolk in the recess you created . 	Cover all the pans with a large baking sheet . 	Reduce the heat to a low simmer and leave covered until a quick peek beneath reveals the whites are cooked and the yolks are still runny ,  about 3 minutes . 	Garnish each with a tiny sprinkle of salt over the yolks ,  a grind of pepper and a sprinkle of parsley .
Cook spinach ;  drain well . 	Sprinkle with lemon_juice ,  and sourcream ,  mix with mushrooms that have been browned in 1 tablespoons butter and place in a casserole dish . 	On this place place sliced tomatoes sprinkled with salt_and_pepper . 	Sprinkle cheese on top and dot with remaining butter . 	Bake in 350 *  oven until browned ;  about 10 minutes .
Use 2 tablespoons of the butter or margarine to spread on the rolls ;  place each halved roll in 12-inch square of foil ,  folding edges up around the roll . 	Heat remaining 1 tablespoon butter or margarine in skillet . 	Saute pork ,  onion ,  garlic ,  and celery until golden . 	Drain off fat . 	Add sour_cream ,  dill weed ,  salt ,  and hot_pepper_sauce ;  taste and add additional seasoning as desired . 	Spread mixture on roll halves . 	Place slices of tomato and green pepper on top of meat and sprinkle with cheese . 	Do not close foil . 	Bake in preheated 375 F oven for 15 to 20 minutes ,  until heated through and cheese has melted .
Combine all ingredients in 8-inch square baking dish . 	Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 8 hours . 	Just before serving ,  remove zest and transfer to serving dish . 	Serve chilled .
1 . 	Melt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat . 	Add the onions and saute until softened ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add the cabbage and toss until it begins to wilt ,  2 to 3 minutes . 	2 . 	Add the brown sugar ,  caraway_seeds ,  mustard seeds ,  vinegar ,  wine and apple . 	Stir to combine ,  and season with salt and pepper . 	Cut a circle of parchment paper the size of the bottom of the pan ,  slice a small vent in the middle ,  and place directly over the cabbage . 	Simmer until the cabbage is soft ,  about 45 minutes . 	Adjust salt and pepper ,  and serve .
Dissolve gelatin in hot_water . 	Add cream of mushroom soup ,  cream_cheese and heat on low until blended . 	Add celery ,  green onion ,  mayonnaise ,  shrimp and stir well . 	Pour into mold and put in fridge until set ,  about 3 hours . 	Unmold and serve with crackers .
Place avocado ,  basil ,  1/2 c .  broth ,  garlic and lime juice in blender . 	Blend till minced ,  scraping down sides as needed . 	With machine running ,  gradually add in oil and blend till smooth . 	If too thick ,  gradually add in more broth by Tbsp .  . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	 ( Can be made 1 day ahead ;  chill .  ) 	Makes about 2 c .  .
heat the oil in a frying pan over a semi-low heat . 	add the onion ,  garlic and bacon and fry gently ,  stirring often ,  until the onion is transparent ,  place in a bowl . 	Increase the heat to medium and add the chicken ,  stirring frequently until browned ,  removed to a bowl . 	Return the onion mix to the pan adding the sliced mushrooms ,  cook for a couple of minutes . 	Add the wine ,  stir and cook for a minute . 	Add the stock and simmer until reduced by half ,  stirring occassionally . 	Return chicken to pan ,  bring to boil and add pepper . 	Mix the cornflour with water and add it to the pan stirring until the sauce boils and thickens ,  add parsley and set aside to cool slightly . 	Heat oven to 220C and take two sheets of puff_pastry out of the freezer ,  remove the blue plastic and put them on the bench to thaw . 	Spray the pie plate with cooking spray or brush it with melted butter ,  lay one sheet of pastry over the plate ,  tucking it down on the bottom and pushing it in on the sides . 	Add the chicken filling ,  remembering to not add mushrooms to Chris's piece ,  Put the other sheet of pastry over the top ,  press around the edges  ,  mark Chris's piece with a C and then cut the excess pastry off by running a sharp knife around the rim . 	Use the excess pastry to decorate the pie . 	Press the edges down around the rim with a fork . 	Pierce the pie here and there with a fork . 	Beat the egg with the milk and then brush over the pie . 	Place in the oven for 10 minutes then reduce heat to 190C and cook for 30-40 minutes .
Combine all ingredients . 	Cover and chill .
Cut the watermelon flesh from the rind ,  leaving only a 1/4-inch layer of pink flesh on the rind . 	 ( Reserve the flesh for another purpose .  ) 	Cut the green outer skin from the rind and discard ;  cut the rind into 1-by-2-inch pieces . 	Combine the vinegar ,  sugar ,  allspice ,  salt ,  black and Sichuan peppercorns ,  cinnamon ,  ginger and 1/2 cup water in a medium saucepan . 	Bring to a boil and cook ,  stirring regularly ,  until the sugar and salt dissolve ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add the watermelon rinds and bring the mixture back to a boil ,  placing a heavy object such as a heat-proof plate on top to keep the rinds submerged . 	Reduce the heat and simmer until the rinds are tender when pierced with a fork ,  about 8 minutes . 	Remove from the heat and cool completely . 	Transfer to airtight containers and cover . 	Refrigerate at least overnight before serving . 	The pickled watermelon rinds can be kept in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks .
Preheat oven to 375F . 	Grease a 13x9 inch baking dish . 	Remove sausage from casings ,  brown in a large skillet and pour off excess fat . 	Add spinach ,  Alfredo sauce and basil and combine . 	Divide mixture between 8 tortillas ,  roll up and place seam side down in baking dish . 	Top with spaghetti_sauce and sprinkle with cheese . 	Bake 45-50 minutes or until hot .
Boil potatoes until they fall to pieces . 	Let cool then remove skins . 	Mash potatoes in the water to make a puree . 	 ( you need at least 2 cups ) 	Pour into a large pot . 	 ( I use an old clay 4qt . 	bean pot )  . 	Mix in flour and sugar ,  and let sit covered in a warm place for at least 3 days stirring once or twice each day . 	Add water if too thick . 	After the 3rd day it should be bubbling nicely and ready to use . 	Surprise :  . 	I kept my starter going for 10 yrs . 	and 2 moves . 	I just kept adding 1 C flour and 1-2 teaspoons sugar at a time to build it up ,  and used it a day or two later .
Spread peanut_butter on one slice of bread ;  sprinkle with white_sugar . 	Spread creamy salad_dressing on the other slice of bread ;  top with tomato slices . 	Sprinkle tomatoes with salt and pepper . 	Place the 2 sides together and enjoy !
Use fresh parsley ,  thyme ,  chives ,  and sage ,  if possible . 	Start charcoal fire in the grill . 	Spray a grill rack or possibly fish holder which has a long handle with cooking_spray . 	Place fish on rack . 	Add in herbs to melted butter . 	Brush herb mix onto and in fish with a pastry brush . 	Close rack securely . 	Grill for 5-8 min a side depending on size of fish .
In a small bowl ,  combine all ingredients except papayas . 	Mix well . 	Chill several hours . 	At serving time ,  peel papayas and cut them in half lengthwise . 	Scoop out and discard seeds . 	Cut a very thin slice off the bottom of each half so they will remina stable on the plate . 	Stir the cottage cheese mixture and mound it into the papaya shells . 	Sprinkle lightly with additional cinnamon . 	NOTE :  preparation time does not include chilling time .
Grease a 19cm x 29cm slice pan and line with baking paper . 	Sift flour into a large bowl ;  stir in sugar and coconut . 	Make a well in the centre . 	Add combined butter ,  eggs and milk ;  mix well . 	Pour into prepared pan . 	Cook in moderate oven ,  180 C for about 30 minutes ,  or until cooked when tested . 	Stand slice in pan for 5 mins ;  cool on wire rack . 	Serve slice warm or cold ,  cut into squares . 	Dust with extra icing_sugar . 	Decorate with berries if you wish .
Position an oven rack on the second-lowest level in the oven and place a baking stone on the rack ;  position another rack in the upper third of the oven ;  preheat oven to 500 . 	Coat a 12-inch pizza screen or perforated pizza pan with cooking spray . 	Lay the dough on the prepared screen or pan and gently stretch dough into a 12-inch round . 	Top the pizza :  brush the dough with 1 tablespoon olive oil ;  spread the ricotta evenly over the dough ,  leaving a 1/4-inch border . 	Sprinkle the garlic over the top ;  sprinkle the mozzarella over the top . 	Crush the oregano between your fingers and sprinkle evenly over the cheese and crust . 	Drizzle the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over the top . 	Place the pizza in the oven on the upper rack ;  bake about 8 minutes ,  until the crust is crisp and golden brown . 	Using a pizza peel ,  lift the pizza off the screen/pan and place the crust directly on the baking stone ;  remove the screen/pan from the oven . 	Continue baking the pizza until the bottom of the crust is golden ,  about 3 minutes . 	Using the peel ,  remove the pizza from the oven and transfer to a cutting board . 	Slice pizza into wedges and serve immediately .
Preheat oven to 350F . 	Put butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment ;  mix on medium speed until smooth . 	Add 1 egg ,  the flour ,  bourbon ,  and currants ;  mix until well combined . 	Roll out dough on a lightly floured work surface to 1/4 inch thick . 	Cut into desired shapes  ( such as 2-inch card suit shapes )  . 	Whisk together remaining egg and the cream in a small bowl ,  and brush cookies with egg wash .  Space 1 inch apart on baking sheets lined with parchment paper . 	Bake until pale golden brown , 12 to 15 minutes . 	Let cool on sheets on wire racks . 	Cookies can be stored in airtight containers at room temperature up to 2 days .
Combine flour ,  salt ,  pepper and oregano and blend well . 	Heat the oil and butter in skillet until bubbling lightly . 	Dredge the chicken in the flour and shake off the excess . 	Cook the chicken on medium heat for about 2 minutes on the first side ,  until lightly brown . 	As you turn the breasts to the second side to cook ,  add the mushrooms around the chicken pieces . 	Cook about 2 more minutes ,  until lightly browned on the second side . 	Stir the mushrooms . 	When the second side is lightly browned ,  add the wine around the pieces . 	Cover the pan and simmer for about 10 minutes .
Bring a large saucepan of water to boil . 	Add edamame and cook until tender ,  4 to 5 minutes . 	Drain . 	Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat . 	Add onion and cook ,  covered ,  stirring occasionally ,  about 3 minutes . 	Add zucchini and cook ,  covered ,  about 3 minutes more . 	Add garlic ,  cumin ,  coriander and cayenne . 	Stir in tomatoes and bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat ,  and simmer until slightly reduced ,  about 5 minutes . 	Stir in the edamame and heat through ,  about 2 minutes . 	Remove from heat and stir in cilantro and lemon_juice .
slice pears and add to other ingredients ,  adding sugar last . 	let steep for three weeks . 	strain and serve .
Thaw bread for 2 hours . 	Roll out to 12x9 rectangle . 	Spread with sauce . 	Top with remaining ingredients . 	Roll up jelly-roll fashion from long side . 	Seal the edges well . 	Place on greased baking sheet ,  seam side down . 	Brush with water ,  sprinkle with a little salt . 	Let rise until almost double in size-about 1 hour . 	Make 3 slashes across top . 	Bake at 375 degrees for 30 minutes . 	Slice to serve .
Melt butter  ( or margarine )  ,  honey ,  mustard ,  salt ,  and curry_powder in a large shallow pan . 	Wash ,  dry ,  then skin chicken pieces . 	Roll chicken pieces in butter mixture to coat both sides ,  then arrange ,  meaty side up in a single layer in same pan . 	Bake in 375 degree oven for 1 hour or until chicken is tender and richly glazed .
Preheat the oven to 400 . 	In a food processor ,  pulse the bread until finely shredded . 	Add the garlic ,  rosemary and Parmesan ,  season with salt and pepper and pulse until combined . 	Add 2 tablespoons of the olive_oil and pulse just until the crumbs are evenly moistened . 	Transfer to a small bowl . 	In a medium ,  ovenproof skillet ,  heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive_oil until shimmering . 	Season the chicken_thighs with salt and pepper and add them to the skillet ,  skin side down . 	Cook over moderately high heat until golden ,  about 6 minutes . 	Turn the chicken and spread the skin with the mustard . 	Carefully spoon the bread crumbs onto the chicken ,  patting them on with the back of the spoon . 	Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast the chicken for about 15 minutes ,  until the crumbs are golden and crisp and the chicken is cooked through . 	Meanwhile ,  in a medium saucepan ,  melt the butter . 	Add the onion and sugar ,  season with salt and pepper and cook over moderate heat until softened ,  6 to 7 minutes . 	Add the lemon juice and cook until the liquid has evaporated ,  2 minutes longer . 	Spoon the onion mixture onto 2 plates ,  top with the chicken and serve .
In a large bowl ,  mix well the first 11 ingredients . 	Divide the turkey mixture to 4 equal portions ,  shaping each into a 3/4 inch-thick patty . 	Coat a large skillet with oil ,  warm over medium high heat ,  until hot . 	Add patties ,  and cook for 8 minutes on each side ,  or until done . 	Serve on buns ,  with your favorite condiments and trimmings .
Lightly oil the bottom of a 3-quart pot with olive_oil and lightly saute the onions ,  peppers and garlic . 	Do not brown . 	Add the ground_sirloin and brown . 	Do not drain off fat ;  this adds to flavor of the chili . 	Mix all the dry ingredients and the hot_sauce in the warm_water and stir until well dissolved . 	Pour this seasoned water mixture into the meat ,  peppers ,  garlic and onions . 	Add the beans and the tomatoes and green chilies . 	Mix to blend all items . 	Bring to a gentle boil . 	Reduce heat and simmer for 45 minutes to an hour ,  stirring occasionally . 	Serve with bread or crackers . 	 *  *  *  If you want your chilli a bit more spiceier try adding a couple diced up habanerro peppers seeds and all .
Beat cream in a bowl until soft peaks form ,  fold through chocolate custard and coffee using a large metal spoon . 	Spoon into a large loaf tin ,  cover with plastic wrap and freeze for several hours . 	Remove chocolate mixture from the freezer and process with a food processor until thick  &  creamy . 	Transfer to a large bowl and fold through hazelnuts using a large metal spoon ,  cover  &  freeze again . 	To make sauce :  Break chocolate into pieces and put in a bowl with the cream ,  stir continuously over simmering hot water until a smooth sauce forms ,  remove from heat ,  allow to cool . 	To serve :  Turn loaf out onto a large plate and remove plastic wrap . 	Sprinkle with chopped chocolate ,  cut into slices and serve with chocolate sauce .
Heat the oil and butter over medium heat in a small frying pan . 	Add the bacon and cook until brown but not crisp ,  about 4 minutes . 	Add the garlic ,  wine ,  and pepper . 	Simmer until the wine is reduced to 2 tbsp ,  about 3 minute Removed from the heat . 	In a large bowl ,  whisk together the eggs ,  cheese ,  and salt . 	In a large pot of boiling ,  salted water ,  cook the pasta until just done . 	Drain the pasta ,  add it to the egg and cheese mixture IMMEDIATELY ,  and toss quickly . 	DO not rinse pasta first . 	Add the parsley and toss just until mixed . 	Salt and pepper to taste . 	Serve with additional Parmesan and enjoy !
Put oil and butter in a skillet heat on medium heat . 	While skillet is heating bring 4 quart Sauce pan of water to a boil . 	While your waiting for water to boil add onion and garlic to skillet and saute unit onion is almost transparent . 	Add linguine to 4 qt sauce pan and cook approx 7-10 min ,  until desired tenderness . 	While your linguine is cooking add shrimp to skillet and cook 2-3 minutes ,  until shrimp is pink and cooked through out . 	Once your shrimp is ready add parsley ,  walnuts ,  olives ,  oregano ,  basil ,  salt and pepper to the skillet . 	Mix to combine skillet ingredients . 	Remove from heat . 	When your Linguine is done ,  drain it . 	Place about a cup to a cup and a half of linguine on each plate and then spoon the skillet mixture over the to of the linguine . 	Provide parmesan_cheese for sprinkling .
Rub seasoning blend into both sides of filets and place in a large ,  resealable plastic bag . 	In a medium bowl ,  stir together the soy_sauce ,  rice_wine_vinegar ,  sesame_oil ,  allspice ,  ginger ,  and garlic . 	Pour marinade into the bag and shake gently to ensure it coats the meat . 	Refrigerate filets for at least 3 hours or overnight . 	Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	Remove filets from plastic bag and reserve marinade . 	Use a paper towel to pat the meat dry . 	Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat . 	Brown the filets on all sides ,  about 5 minutes . 	Place filets onto a baking sheet and bake in preheated oven until they reach an internal temperature of 140 degrees F  ( 60 degrees C )  for medium ,  about 10 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  in a large skillet over medium heat ,  heat the remaining olive oil . 	Stir-fry the cabbage ,  mushrooms ,  cucumbers ,  bean_sprouts ,  snow peas ,  and green_onions until tender ,  about 4 minutes . 	Stir in the spinach ,  parsley ,  and reserved marinade ;  cook another 5 minutes . 	To serve ,  divide the vegetables between four plates ;  cut the filets into thick slices and place on top of vegetables .
Heat oven to 375 degrees F . 	Flip over 12-cup muffin pan . 	Spray both sides of 4 tortillas with cooking spray . 	Press into spaces between raised cups to form bowls . 	Bake 15 min . 	 ;  cool . 	Combine chicken and dressing ;  spoon into tortilla bowls . 	Top with lettuce and tomatoes .
In large bowl ,  stir together all ingredients except bread and veggies . 	Refrigerate at least 2 hours . 	Cut thin ,  lengthwise slice off of top of bread . 	Hollow out center of bread ,  reserving bread to use for dipping ,  and leaving 1-inch shell . 	fill with dip . 	Serve with reserved bread and veggie dippers .
Remove the sausage from its casings and form into 1-inch balls . 	Heat a large ,  heavy skillet over medium high heat ,  add the olive_oil and sausage balls and cook until browned on all sides ,  about 8 minutes . 	Remove from skillet . 	Add onion ,  peppers and salt to the skillet  ( add a little more oil ,  if needed )  ,  and cook until they begin to soften ,  about 5 minutes . 	Stir in the tomatillos and cook 2 minutes longer ,  until just softened . 	Add wine or broth and return the sausage balls to the skillet . 	Simmer until heated through ,  about 2 minutes . 	Serve over the brown rice ,  chopped cilantro would be a nice touch .
Combine all ingredients in a large mixer bowl until smooth about 5 or 6 minutes . 	Add eggs  ,  one at a time while you mix . 	Pour into well buttered Bundt pan ,  or you can use a bread loaf pan . 	Bake at 325 for 60 minutes ,  or until cake tests done .
Fry the onions and chicken_drumsticks in a huge paella pan with olive oil	At the same time ,  put the prawns and some onions on the baking tray with oil ,  then stick it into oven at 200C	Once the chicken is half done ,  stir in the peppers ,  squids and beans  . 	Fry for a while	Stick in the tomatoes and fry for a bit	Add the rice ,  chicken_stock ,  saffron and mussels	When the rice is almost dry ,  stir in the peas	Serve when the rice is dry . 	Don't forget the put the nicely grilled prawns on top of the rice
Whisk the mayonnaise ,  sour_cream ,  mustard ,  lime_juice ,  salt and pepper in a medium-glass or stainless steel bowl for 1 minute ,  or until smooth and well blended . 	Add the wasabi_paste and whisk vigorously for 1 minute ,  until combined . 	Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes .
In a nonstick skillet ,  heat 1 tablespoon of the canola_oil . 	Add the sliced onion and cook over moderate heat ,  stirring occasionally ,  until golden and softened ,  about 25 minutes . 	Transfer the onion to a bowl . 	Wipe out the skillet . 	Heat 1 tablespoon of the canola_oil in the skillet . 	Add the celery ,  apple and scallions and cook over moderate heat until softened ,  about 8 minutes . 	Transfer to a bowl and add the chipotle ;  let cool . 	Stir in the turkey ,  parsley ,  1 teaspoon of the lemon_zest ,  2 teaspoons of salt and 1/4 teaspoon of pepper . 	Shape the mixture into four 1/2-inch-thick patties . 	In the skillet ,  heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of canola_oil . 	Add the burgers and cook over moderately high heat ,  turning once ,  until no longer pink inside ,  10 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  in a small bowl ,  mix the mayonnaise with the remaining 1 teaspoon of lemon_zest ,  the lemon juice and chopped thyme and season with salt and pepper . 	Spread the lemon mayonnaise on the top halves of the buns ;  set the burgers on the bottom halves and top with the caramelized onions ,  lettuce and tomato . 	Close the burgers and serve .
Bring leftover soup to a boil . 	Add diced bread and cook ,  stirring on occasion ,  for 10 minutes or until soup is thick and porridgelike . 	Adjust the seasoning and ladle out . 	Drizzle with olive oil and dust with more cheese if you like .
In a food processor ,  process garlic to a rough mince ,  add dill and olive_oil and pulse a few times to combine . 	Lay fish fillets in a baking dish ,  skin side down . 	Rub garlic mixture over fish . 	Refrigerate for 2 hours . 	Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F  ( 190 degrees C )  . 	Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes . 	Do not overcook .
Mix ingredients together . 	Use a scoop to drop approximately 1-inch balls onto cooking surface . 	The original recipe suggested either baking at 350 for 20-25 minutes or pan frying . 	I tried both ways ,  and I prefered the pan fried method ,  cooking in a tablespoon of oil in a skillet on medium heat and turning as needed . 	Drain on a paper towel to finish . 	I served these plain on rice ,  but you could also make them smaller and serve as appetizers or add to your spaghetti sauce . 	May not want the A1 flavor with spaghetti sauce ,  however .
Peel the mango and cut the flesh from the central stone . 	Place mango flesh in blender together with ice ,  sugar ,  salt and yoghurt . 	Blitz until smooth . 	Pour into glasses and top up with chilled soda_water . 	Serve .
Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 475F Spread 1/4 cup mayonnaise over both sides of bread slices and transfer to baking sheet . 	Bake until golden brown ,  8-10 minutes . 	let cool 5 minutes ,  then cut into 1-inch croutons . 	Cook bacon in large skillet over medium heat until crisp ,  about 8 minutes . 	Transfer to paper towel-lined plate . 	Discard dripping . 	Whisk remaining mayonnaise and vinegar in large bowl . 	Add bacon ,  tomatoes ,  lettuce ,  and croutons and toss to combine . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Serve .
1 . 	In a small saucepan over medium heat ,  mix pineapple_juice ,  brown_sugar ,  garlic ,  and soy sauce . 	Remove from heat just before the mixture comes to a boil . 	2 . 	Place meat in a medium bowl . 	Cover with the pineapple marinade ,  and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes but may marinated overnight . 	3 . 	Preheat grill for medium heat . 	Thread meat lengthwise onto wooden skewers . 	4 . 	Lightly oil the grill grate . 	Grill chicken or pork 5 minutes per side ,  or until juices run clear . 	They cook quickly ,  so watch them closely . 	Note :  time is 20 minute active work time for cooking and preparing marinade ,  30 minute for mininum marinating time .
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat . 	Add the potatoes ,  season with seasoning_salt and pepper ,  and allow them to get a brown crust on one side before stirring . 	Continue to brown the potatoes until they have a brown crust on at least two sides . 	When the potatoes are browned and crisp ,  push them to one side of the pan and add the smoked_sausage ,  getting a nice browning on the sausage as well . 	Meanwhile ,  heat remaining oil in another skillet over medium-high heat . 	Add the peppers and red_onion ,  stirring often . 	Cook until the vegetables are tender and begin to brown . 	Add the cooked peppers and onions to the cast iron skillet with the potatoes and sausage and toss to combine . 	Taste for seasoning and add more salt and pepper if needed . 	Serve promptly ,  preferably with ketchup and/or hot sauce on the side . 	Note :  I par-bake my potatoes in the microwave for 5-7 minutes ,  then peel and chop . 	You want them to be soft on the outside ,  but still slightly underdone in the middle . 	If they are fully baked ,  they will turn to mush in the pan . 	You want them to keep their shape but be soft on the exterior so that you can get that nice brown crust on them in the skillet .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Combine all ingredients together in large bowl . 	Spray large casserole dish or oblong baking pan with non-stick cooking spray . 	Pour ingredients in pan and bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour or until knife inserted in middle comes out clean .
Coat frying pan or sauce pan with olive_oil and heat to a medium-high heat . 	Add in onions ,  squash ,  and green_pepper and saute until everything everything is lightly browned but still has some crispyness to it . 	About 8 minutes for me . 	Add in seasonings and stir well . 	Let cook for an additional minute and serve .
 ( Cook the meat 2 hours prior to steaming the assembled pudding . 	 )  . 	Filling :  Dip meat in seasoned flour and fry lightly . 	Add onions and fry until golden . 	Place in casserole with stock ,  tomato_puree and herbs and cook for 2 hours . 	Cool . 	Pastry :  Put flour ,  suet and seasoning in a bowl . 	Add sufficient water to form a firm but soft dough . 	Pudding :  Roll out the suet pastry and using assorted sizes of saucers ,  cut out rounds to fit the pudding bowl diameter ,  starting off small and getting bigger ! 	In a well buttered pudding basin ,  start with a small round of suet pastry and then add some stewed beef ,  then a layer of suet pastry and then the beef -- carry on in this way until all the pastry and beef is used up - the last layer should be suet pastry . 	Cover with buttered greasproof paper and then aluminium foil . 	Steam for 2 hours ,  making sure there is always plenty of water . 	 ( Always top up the steamer with BOILING water - adding cold_water will make the pudding heavy . 	 )  . 	Serve with fresh seasonal greens and vegetables and mashed or steamed potatoes .
Preheat oven to 425 degree F . 	Put entire stick butter into a 9 x 13 inch pan . 	Put pan with butter into the oven until butter is melted . 	Beat the eggs ,  milk ,  and salt until frothy . 	Add flour . 	Beat until mixed . 	Pour over melted butter . 	Bake for 25 to 30 minutes . 	Serve with syrup or jelly .
Pour in coconut_water ,  add in powders ,  squeeze of lime -- Taste ! 	Add stevia if you have a sweet tooth that needs satiety :  )  .
For croutons :  heat oven to 325F . 	Put bread on a baking sheet and and bake in oven for 10 minutes turning once . 	Meanwhile ,  in a small sauce pan over low heat combine the oil and paprika . 	Simmer for 5 minutes to blend flavors . 	Combine the oil mixture and bread in a bowl and toss to coat . 	Place bread back on baking sheet and bake for another 10 minutes or until crisp . 	For soup :  heat butter in a heavy saucepan or stockpot until melted . 	Add shallots and bread crumbs . 	Cook shallots until softened about 1 minute ,  don't brown the bread crumbs . 	Add broth ,  potatoes and horseradish and bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat ,  cover and simmer for 45 minutes or until the potatoes and horseradish are tender . 	Place soup in blender or food processor and process till smooth . 	Return soup to stockpot and season with salt and pepper . 	In a heavy skillet over medium high heat ,  brown the sausage ,  about 5 minutes and then add to soup . 	Return soup to a simmer and ladle into bowls garnishing with the croutons .
Remove zest  ( peel )  from 2 lemons in wide strips with a vegetable peeler  ( see Tips ,  page 118 )  ,  then cut lengthwise with a sharp knife into 1/8-inch-wide julienne strips . 	Reserve lemons for juicing . 	Fill a 2-quart heavy saucepan halfway with water ,  then add julienned peel . 	Bring to a boil and simmer 15 minutes . 	Drain peel in a sieve and rinse . 	Bring water  ( 1 cup )  and 1 cup granulated_sugar to a boil in saucepan ,  stirring until sugar has dissolved . 	Add peel and gently simmer until translucent ,  about 15 minutes . 	Remove peel from syrup with a slotted spoon ,  letting syrup drain off into saucepan . 	Spread out on a sheet of wax paper and cool to room temperature . 	Toss peel with remaining 1/2 cup granulated_sugar ,  stirring with a fork to coat and separate . 	Transfer sugared peel to clean dry sieve and shake off excess sugar ,  then spread out on a fresh sheet of wax paper to dry slightly . 	Make lemon filling while peel simmers and cools :  Grate enough zest from remaining 2 lemons with a rasp to measure 2 teaspoon ,  then squeeze enough juice from all lemons to measure 2/3 cup . 	Whisk together zest ,  juice ,  and condensed milk . 	Chill until cold ,  at least 30 minutes . 	Beat heavy_cream with confectioners sugar and vanilla in a chilled bowl with a whisk or electric mixer until it just holds stiff peaks . 	assemble cake :  Halve cake crosswise ,  then trim crust from all sides . 	Cut each block horizontally into 4  ( 1/2-inch-thick )  squares . 	Halve each square diagonally into 2 triangles . 	For each serving ,  layer 2 triangles with lemon filling ,  offsetting corners . 	Top cake with whipped cream and candied lemon peel .
In a cocktail shaker ,  muddle the mint ,  sugar ,  lime juice and Simple Syrup . 	Add ice ,  shake well and pour into a highball glass . 	Top with the ginger_ale .
Preheat a charcoal or gas grill or preheat broiler to high . 	Spoon oil into a flat dish and add chops in one layer ,  turning to coat on all sides . 	Sprinkle with cumin ,  rosemary ,  shallots ,  salt and pepper . 	Set aside . 	Meanwhile ,  combine chopped anchovies or anchovy_paste ,  butter ,  salt ,  pepper and coriander in a bowl . 	Blend thoroughly . 	When ready to cook chops ,  scrape marinade with herbs from sides of each chop ,  returning the marinade with herbs to the dish . 	Put marinade in a warm place . 	If using a grill ,  cook the chops about 10 minutes ,  turning them often . 	If using a broiler ,  arrange chops on a rack and place about 2 inches from the source of heat . 	Leave broiler door partly open and cook chops about 5 minutes . 	Turn them and continue broiling 2 minutes longer . 	Return chops to the marinade in the dish and brush to coat both sides . 	Spoon anchovy butter over chops and serve .
Preheat oven to 375 . 	Rinse beans in a colander ,  and drain extremely well . 	In a bowl ,  mix beans with oil and seasonings . 	Transfer beans to a rimmed baking pan lined with parchment paper and arrange in a single layer . 	Roast for about an hour ,  stirring gently every 10 to 15 minutes . 	They will burst open  ( explode )  as they dry . 	The beans are done when they are crunchy . 	Feel free to adapt to your favorite seasonings .
Bring the mixture just to a boil ,  cool slightly ,  pour into a clean jar with a tight-fitting lid . 	Let it steep in a cool ,  dark place for several weeks ,  then store in the refrigerator .
Mix all ingredients together . 	Preheat oven to 350 . 	Spray cooking spray on hands to avoid sticking . 	Knead dough until all ingredients are dispersed and it is the consistency of pizza dough . 	Spread dough onto a cookie sheet ,  filling the entire thing . 	Cut into 30 squares ,  and make fork indents on each square . 	I have also used a doggie biscuit cutter . 	Then when removed from oven I cut again before lifting . 	Excess is still edible but not as pretty . 	Bake 30 minutes ,  until biscuits are hard and slightly crunchy on the outside . 	Cool down before giving to the dog .
Put the butter and the water in a frying-pan and heat them until the butter has melted . 	Add the other ingredients and simmer the mixture on low for 30 minutes ,  until the mixture stops skimming and the butter is clear . 	Do NOT stir the mixture . 	Sieve the butter and allow to cool down in a well closed jam jar  .
Heat oven to 500F with rack in middle . 	Make a deep cut into the top side of tenderloin ,  about 4 inches from tail end ,  to facilitate folding the tail end under the roast to give the meat a more uniform thickness . 	Tie roast at 1-inch intervals with kitchen string . 	Cook pancetta in a large rimmed baking sheet in oven ,  stirring once ,  until fat is rendered and pancetta is crisp ,  4 to 8 minutes . 	Transfer pancetta with a slotted spoon to a bowl . 	Add tomatoes and 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper to fat in rimmed baking sheet and stir ,  then roast in oven 15 minutes . 	Stir in garlic and olives and roast until tomatoes are falling apart and browned in patches ,  2 to 4 minutes . 	Remove sheet from oven ,  then add pancetta and 1/2 cup water ,  scraping up brown bits . 	Lower oven temperature to 350F . 	Toss together bread crumbs ,  2 tablespoons oil ,  and 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a bowl . 	Stir together mustard and rosemary in a small bowl . 	Pat tenderloin dry and sprinkle all over with 1 1/4 teaspoons each salt and pepper ,  rubbing into meat . 	Set roasting pan over 2 burners ,  then add remaining 3 tablespoons oil and heat over medium-high heat until shimmering . 	Brown tenderloin on all sides ,  about 10 minutes . 	Spread top and upper part of sides with mustard mixture ,  then sprinkle evenly with bread crumbs . 	Pat lightly to adhere . 	Roast tenderloin until thermometer inserted diagonally 2 inches into center of thickest part of meat registers 120F ,  30 to 40 minutes . 	Transfer beef to a cutting board and let stand 15 minutes  ( internal temperature will rise to about 130F for medium-rare )  . 	Set roasting pan over 2 burners and add remaining 1 cup water . 	Bring to a boil ,  scraping up brown bits ,  then stir in tomato mixture and parsley . 	Cut tenderloin into 1/2-inch-thick slices ,  discarding string ,  and serve with tomato mixture .
Combine all ingredients and cook over medium heat until potatoes are just tender . 	Turn down heat to low and simmer at least 1 . 5 hours .
Heat grill to medium heat . 	Place half the ribs in single layer on center of large sheet of heavy-duty foil . 	Mix sugar and seasonings ;  rub half evenly onto both sides of ribs . 	Bring up foil sides . 	Double fold top and one end to seal packet . 	Add 1/4 cup orange_juice to packet through open end . 	Double fold remaining end ,  leaving room for heat to circulate inside . 	Repeat to make second packet . 	Place packets on grate of grill ;  cover with lid . 	Grill 45 min . 	to 1 hour or until ribs are done . 	Remove ribs from foil ;  discard foil . 	Return ribs to grill ;  brush with combined barbecue_sauce and bourbon . 	Grill 15 min .  ,  turning occasionally and brushing with remaining sauce .
Build ingredients in old-fashioned glass ,  add ice ,  swirl and garnish with orange_peel .
Combine flour ,  salt_and_pepper ,  seasoning and eggs . 	Dip fish in mixture . 	Heat butter and oil in a saute pan and saute fish until crisp on both sides .
Preheat oven to 350F . 	Cream the shortening then beat in the juice ,  sugar ,  orange_extract and orange zest  ( mixture will appear curdled )  until well combined . 	Blend in the eggs and beat well . 	Mix in all of the baking_powder and flour ,  1 cup at a time ,  blending well . 	Once you've added 6 cups of flour ,  add the remaining flour just until mixture can be rolled into a ball  ( batter will be sticky )  . 	Refrigerate the dough covered for several hours or even overnight . 	Fill a low dish with sifted icing_sugar . 	Using a small cookie scoop . 	scoop several balls of the cold dough into a plate . 	Roll the cookies into a smooth ball then roll in the icing_sugar . 	Place the cookies on an ungreased cookie sheet ,  about 2  "  apart . 	Bake for 12 - 15 minutes ,  rotating the baking trays half way through the baking process . 	Do not overbake ,  cookies should be light in colour .
Mix wet ingredients :  Almond butter and 4 eggs ;  mix until blended and smooth . 	Mix all dry ingredients together-whisk together until well mixed . 	Mix wet and dry ingredients until smooth  ( I use an electric hand mixer )  . 	Grease the baking pan/bread pan with coconut oil . 	Sprinkle flax meal on pan dusting all sides . 	Add batter to bread pan . 	Add to pre-heated 350F degree oven/20-25 minutes . 	Check with toothpick to test for 'doneness' .
Put chicken in a greased 9x13-inch baking dish . 	Top with cheese slices ,  soup and sprinkle with stuffing mix . 	Drizzle butter over . 	Bake covered at 350F for 45 minutes .
Heat the oven to 425 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle . 	Line a baking sheet with parchment paper ;  set it aside . 	Heat the butter ,  milk ,  measured water ,  sugar ,  and salt in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat until the butter has melted and the liquid has come to a boil . 	Reduce the heat to low ,  add the flour all at once ,  and stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until well incorporated . 	Cook ,  stirring constantly ,  until the dough looks shiny and feels smooth to the touch ,  and a thin film has formed on the bottom of the pan ,  about 5 minutes . 	 ( The dough will easily form 1 large ball .  ) 	Transfer the dough to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and let it cool for 5 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  fill a small bowl with water and set it aside . 	With the mixer on medium-low speed ,  beat in the eggs 1 at a time ,  letting each egg completely incorporate before adding the next ,  until the mixture is smooth ,  sticky ,  and glossy ,  about 4 to 5 minutes total . 	Transfer the dough to a large resealable bag and cut off about 3/4 inch from one corner of the bag . 	Pipe 12  ( 2-inch-wide )  round mounds onto the prepared baking sheet ,  making sure theyre about 1 1/2 inches apart . 	Dip your finger in the bowl of water and smooth the top of each mound . 	Place the baking sheet in the oven ,  reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F ,  and bake until the puffs are golden brown ,  airy ,  and completely dry inside ,  about 45 to 50 minutes  ( do not open the oven door until at least 45 minutes have passed )  . 	Transfer the baking sheet to a wire rack and let the puffs cool completely ,  about 30 minutes .
1 . 	Mix together the cake mix ,  pumpkin ,  milk ,  oil ,  and eggs . 	Bake in a 9x13 pan in a preheated 350-degree oven for about 30 minutes ,  or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean . 	Allow cake to cool . 	2 . 	Prepare pudding according to package directions . 	Let cool . 	3 . 	Cut the cake into cubes . 	Layer half the cake cubes ,  half of the pudding ,  and half of the Cool_Whip . 	Repeat . 	4 . 	Top with ginger snap cookies and crushed cookie pieces . 	Refrigerate and serve cold . 	Note :  you can also use vanilla pudding . 	If you do ,  once it is cooked ,  stir in 1/2 cup brown sugar and 1 teaspoon pumpkin spice to jazz it up .
This is just to show some ideas for Saint Patrick's day food . 	On this cake ,  the green part was done with Vanilla frosting mixed with green food coloring ,  the brown part is melted chocolate and I used a mini pretzel to make the buckle .
Preheat oven to 350 *  F . 	Sift  ( or mix with electric mixer )  flour ,  soda ,  salt ,  powder ,  sugar ,  bran in large bowl . 	In separate bowl ,  mix milk ,  lemon_juice ,  melted marjarine ,  and eggs or egg substitute . 	Form well in the dry ingredients and add wet ingredients . 	Mix until dough begins to form . 	Kneed into ball either in bowl or on very lightly floured surface . 	Place dough either in greased bread pan or on greased baking sheet . 	Bake for 45- 60 minutes or until knife test comes out clean .
Mix ingredients together thoroughly . 	Store in an airtight container for up to one  ( 1 )  year .
Marinade :  In a medium bowl combine orange_juice ,  orange_zest ,  soy sauce ,  sesame oil ,  and salt . 	Add chicken tenders and stir to coat . 	Allow to marinate for 25-30 minutes . 	Sauce :  In a small saucepan combine orange_juice ,  orange_zest ,  chicken broth ,  Splenda ,  honey ,  soy sauce ,  oil ,  garlic ,  and apple_cider_vinegar . 	Bring to a boil ;  lower heat to a simmer and cook until liquid is reduced by 1/4 . 	Season with salt to taste . 	Stir the 2 teaspoons cornstarch with a small amount of cold water and add to the sauce . 	Bring back to a boil and cook for 1-2 minutes ,  or until thickened . 	Set aside ,  but keep warm . 	In a large bowl or ziplock bag add the 1/2 cup of cornstarch . 	Drain the chicken and toss with the cornstarch ,  shaking off excess . 	In a large skillet heat 2 tablespoons vegetable_oil over medium-high . 	Add chicken and cook until golden and meat is cooked through . 	Gently toss cooked chicken with the sauce and serve .
Pulse garlic in a food processor until finely chopped ,  then add nuts ,  cheeses ,  a large handful of herbs ,  and 1 teaspoon pepper and process until chopped . 	Add remaining herbs one handful at a time ,  pulsing after each addition ,  until finely chopped . 	With motor running ,  add oil and blend until incorporated .
Season the chicken breasts with salt and pepper . 	Heat one tablespoon of the olive_oil in a large ,  heavy skillet over mediun-high heat . 	Place chicken breasts in pan and cook for about 5 minutes per side . 	Remove chicken from pan ,  set aside ,  and keep warm . 	Heat remaining tablespoon of olive_oil in skillet . 	Add minced garlic and saute for about 1 minute . 	Add diced tomatoes ,  olives ,  and chicken_broth . 	Bring mixture to a simmer and return chicken breasts to pan . 	Simmer chicken breasts for and additional 3-4 minutes or until they're cooked through . 	Place each chicken breast on a plate and spoon the tomato sauce over them ,  dividing evenly . 	Sprinkle each chicken breast with feta_cheese .
Combine vanilla pudding mix ,  2/3 cup dry milk powder and 1 cup of water using a wire whisk . 	Blend in peanut butter and Cool Whip and mix well with whisk until smooth . 	Spread mixture into pie crust . 	In the same bowl ,  combine dry chocolate fudge pudding mix ,  remaining 2/3 cup dry milk powder and remaining 1 cup water and mix well using the whisk . 	Spread chocolate mixture evenly over peanut butter mixture in pie crust . 	Sprinkle chopped peanuts on top and refrigerate at least 1 hour .
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment ,  dissolve the yeast in the warm_water . 	Add 1/2 cup of butter ,  1 cup of the flour ,  1 1/4 cups of the sugar ,  and the egg to the bowl . 	Beat for 2 minutes ,  then add the remaining 1 1/4 cups of flour and beat until smooth ,  about 2 minutes . 	Scrape the batter from the sides of the bowl . 	Transfer the dough to a clean bowl . 	Cover the bowl with a clean kitchen towel and let the dough rise in a warm place  ( about 85F )  until doubled in size ,  about 1 hour . 	Turn the dough out onto a well-floured counter . 	Roll into a 9 x 12-inch rectangle . 	Gently spread 1 tablespoon of softened butter on the dough . 	In a small bowl ,  combine the cinnamon and remaining 3 tablespoons sugar ;  sprinkle onto the dough ,  leaving a 1/2-inch border around the dough . 	Roll the dough up like a jelly roll ,  starting from the larger side . 	Cut the dough into 12 equal pieces . 	Place the rolls in a 9 x 13-inch casserole dish that has been greased with the other tablespoon of softened butter ,  tucking the loose ends of the dough under each roll so theyll hold together when baked . 	Cover the pan with a clean kitchen towel and let the rolls rise in a warm place  ( about 85F )  until doubled in size ,  about 1 hour . 	Preheat the oven to 350F . 	Bake the rolls for 15 to 20 minutes ,  or until light golden brown . 	Brush the hot caramel_sauce on the rolls while still hot . 	In a large pot set over medium-high heat ,  melt the butter . 	Add the brown sugar ,  granulated_sugar ,  and honey . 	Bring to a boil ,  and cook for 4 to 5 minutes ,  stirring once or twice  ( watch carefully to avoid scorching )  . 	Remove the pot from the heat and swirl in the cream until it is fully incorporated . 	Be very careful when adding the cream because the mixture will bubble up . 	Sandys Granny Haley made the best cinnamon rolls in the world . 	It seemed so effortless and magical to her grandkids . 	The smell the cinnamon wafting through the house stopped people in their tracks . 	As Sandy grew older and really began to appreciate the lessons given her by her family ,  she started taking note when Granny would cook . 	Unfortunately for Sandy ,  one of her biggest regrets was not getting the exact measurements for the cinnamon rolls . 	When Sandy graduated from culinary school ,  one of the first tasks given to her by her mother was to re-create Grannys cinnamon rolls . 	Sandy was able to locate an old hand-written recipe card with the general method ,  but the problem was that the recipe said things like a drop of this and a handful of that . 	Sandy has worked diligently on these cinnamon rolls . 	She feels like hers have gotten really close to Grannys ,  but she thinks Grannys hands must have been much smaller . 	Her laughter and tiny hands are missed .
Sift flour and baking_powder together . 	Stir in cheese ,  bacon and chives . 	Mix milk and eggs together and then add to flour mix ,  stirring until just combined . 	Spoon into prepared muffins tins . 	Bake in moderately hot oven 200deg C/380deg F for 15- 20 minutes .
Preheat an electric griddle or VERY nonstick pan on medium heat . 	Cut cheese into 2 "  by 1 "  retangles that are about 1/2 "  thick . 	Spray griddle or nonstick pan with cooking spray and place the cheese rectangles ,  leaving a little space between them ,  on the giddle or non stick pan . 	Let the cheese brown on that side ,  about 3 minutes ,  then flip to brown on the other side . 	Serve cheese on bagel_chips ,  crostini ,  or other crackers with a dap of jelly or jam on top .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F .  Coat a 7-by-11-inch glass baking dish or a 2-quart casserole with cooking spray . 	Whisk eggs ,  egg_whites and milk in a medium bowl . 	Add mustard ,  rosemary and pepper ;  whisk to combine . 	Toss spinach ,  bread ,  ham and roasted_red_peppers in a large bowl . 	Add the egg mixture and toss well to coat . 	Transfer to the prepared baking dish and push down to compact . 	Cover with foil . 	Bake until the custard has set ,  40 to 45 minutes . 	Uncover ,  sprinkle with cheese and continue baking until the pudding is puffed and golden on top ,  15 to 20 minutes more . 	Transfer to a wire rack and cool for 15 to 20 minutes before serving . 	TIPS . 	Tip :  To wilt spinach ,  rinse thoroughly with cool water . 	Transfer to a large microwave-safe bowl . 	Cover with plastic wrap and punch several holes in it . 	Microwave on High until wilted ,  2 to 3 minutes . 	Squeeze out excess moisture before adding the spinach to the recipe . 	MAKE AHEAD TIP :  Prepare casserole through Step 2 ;  refrigerate overnight . 	Let stand at room temperature while the oven preheats . 	Bake as directed in Step 3 .
Broil or grill the chops for 5-10 minutes on each side ,  depending on the thickness . 	Remove and keep warm . 	Melt the butter in a non-stick pan ,  add the onions and cook until soft . 	Add the beer and herbs and boil for 1 minute ,  stir in the cream and heat through . 	Remove from the heat ,  add the cheese and chives and stir until melted . 	Pour over the chops and serve immediately .
Heat oven to 350 . 	Spray a 8x8 baking dish with pan coating . 	Arrange apples in 2 layers sprinkling with cinnamon . 	 . i also added a little nutmeg and ground cloves . 	 .  .  use 1/2 the brown_sugar each layer . 	Dot the top with 1/2 the margarine . 	Add the dry ingredients together and combine well . 	Add the remaining margarine and mix with your hand until incorporated then mix in the egg until crumbly . 	Pour the topping mixture over apples . 	Bake about 40 minutes . 	I turned off the oven and left it in for 12 more minutes just keep an eye on it . 	 .
Preheat oven to 375 F .  Grease two 12-count mini muffin pans . 	In a bowl ,  mix together flour ,  baking_powder and salt . 	Set aside . 	In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment ,  cream the butter and sugars until light and fluffy . 	Add the egg and continue mixing until incorporated . 	Add vanilla and mix until combined . 	Working in batches ,  add the flour mixture to the butter mixture ,  alternating with milk . 	Continue until all of the flour and milk have been added . 	Transfer the batter to a piping bag attached to a round tip ,  and pipe the batter in the donut pan only filling each space halfway full . 	Put pans into the heated oven . 	Bake until risen and browned ,  about 8 to 10 minutes . 	Let donuts cool on a wire rack before glazing . 	To prepare the chocolate glaze ,  place all ingredients in a medium heatproof bowl over a pot of simmering water . 	Stir the mixture with a wooden spoon until melted and smooth ,  about 5 minutes . 	To prepare the vanilla glaze ,  whisk all ingredients  ( except coloring )  slowly until slightly thickened . 	Add one drop of coloring paste if desired . 	Dunk each donut into the glaze and place it on a wire rack . 	Add sprinkles to the top of donuts right away ,  if desired . 	Let glaze set for 5 minutes .
Cook the rice according to directions on the bag and keep warm until needed . 	In a small food processor ,  combine all ingredients needed for the peanut sauce except the water . 	Blend on low until smooth ,  then add hot_water as needed for desired consistency . 	We have found using 5 tablespoons of water works well . 	Coat the bottom of a wok with vegetable_oil and bring to high heat . 	Add garlic and ginger ,  and stir for about 30 seconds . 	Next ,  add the red_peppers ,  broccoli_stem ,  broccoli_florets ,  and snow_peas . 	Toss to coat the vegetables with oil . 	Cook for about 2 minutes and add oil as needed to continue cooking process . 	Add chicken to the wok and toss with a bit more soy_sauce  ( about 1 teaspoon )  . 	Cook for about 6 minutes or until chicken is cooked through . 	Turn off heat and let stir-fry rest for 5 minutes . 	Serve stir-fry atop warm rice and ladle the straight-from-heaven peanut sauce on it . 	Be generous . 	Add green_onions ,  cilantro ,  crushed peanuts ,  and more red_pepper flakes as desired .
In a small saucepan ,  heat the 2 cups of oil to 350F . 	Fry the walnuts until golden and crispy ,  about 2 minutes . 	Using a slotted spoon ,  remove the nuts to a paper towel to drain . 	In a bowl ,  whisk together the orange juice ,  rice_vinegar ,  soy_sauce ,  honey and cornstarch and set aside . 	In a large skillet ,  heat the remaining 2 tablespoons canola_oil on high heat . 	Add the scallion whites ,  citrus peel ,  ginger ,  garlic and chilies and cook ,  stirring ,  until fragrant ,  about 1-2 minutes . 	Add the broccoli ,  carrots ,  peppers ,  and broth and cook until the vegetables begin to soften ,  about 2-3 minutes . 	Give the reserved sauce a stir ,  then add it to the skillet and cook ,  stirring ,  until a shiny glaze forms . 	Stir in the sesame oil and remove from the heat . 	Gently stir in the orange segments and fried walnuts . 	Divide among four bowls and garnish with the scallion greens . 	Serve with rice .
Preheat oven top 350 degrees . 	Spray a 2 quart high sided baking dish with nonstick spray . 	cook the noodles per package directions drain and set aside . 	meanwhile ,  whisk the flour and 1/2 cup of the broth in a small bowl until the flour dissolves . 	Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat . 	Add the onion and cook ,  stirring frequently ,  until softened ,  about 3 minute Stir in the milk and the remaining 1/2 cup broth ;  bring the mixture to a simmer . 	Whisk in the flour mixture ;  cook stirring constantly ,  until the sauce bubbles and thicknes ,  about 3 minute Stir in the mustard and tarragon . 	Mix the peas and chicken in with sauce . 	pour noodles into baking dish then top with sauce mixture . 	Stir the mixture together then top with cheese . 	Bake Until bubbling and golden brown abour 40 minute . 	Let stand for 5 min then serve .
Bring broth and 2 cups water to a boil in saucepan . 	Reduce heat to low . 	Heat 1 Tbs . 	oil in large saucepan over medium heat . 	Add mushrooms and poblano ,  and saute 5 minutes ,  or until mushrooms have released their juices . 	Transfer to plate ,  and set aside . 	Heat remaining 1 Tbs . 	oil in same pan over medium heat . 	Add shallots ,  and saute 2 minutes ,  or until soft . 	Add carrot ,  and saute 3 minutes more . 	Add couscous ,  and cook 3 minutes ,  or until lightly browned ,  stirring constantly . 	Stir 1/4 cup broth mixture into couscous mixture . 	Reduce heat to medium low . 	Add 1/4 cup more liquid ,  and cook until liquid has been absorbed . 	Continue adding liquid ,  cooking and stirring 12 minutes ,  or until couscous is tender and all liquid has been used ,  adding more water if necessary to finish cooking . 	Add peas and reserved mushroom mixture ,  and cook 2 minutes more ,  or until peas are heated through . 	Stir in 3 Tbs . 	chives and tarragon ,  and season with salt and pepper . 	Serve garnished with remaining chives .
Lightly pound the chicken_breasts to 1/2-inch thickness . 	Combine the kosher_salt ,  sugar ,  and 1 quart of water in a 1-gallon size resealable plastic bag ;  shake until dissolved . 	Add the chicken_breasts and soak at room temperature for 30 minutes . 	Place the flour in a medium bowl . 	Remove the chicken from the brine . 	Shake off excess moisture and ,  with tongs ,  lightly dredge the chicken in the flour . 	Shake off the excess flour and transfer to a large plate . 	Mix the eggs and milk in medium bowl and whisk thoroughly . 	In a separate bowl combine the bread crumbs ,  oregano ,  basil ,  parsley ,  sea salt ,  and pepper . 	Dredge the chicken in the egg and milk mixture with tongs and let excess mixture drain off . 	Now dredge the chicken into the bread crumb mixture ,  and lightly pat down in the bread crumbs to adhere . 	Preheat the broiler . 	Let the breaded chicken sit for 5 minutes before frying . 	In a medium saucepan on medium-high heat ,  add enough olive_oil to come 1/3 up the side of the chicken . 	Cook the chicken in batches until golden brown on both sides . 	Remove from the pan when cooked and place on a sheet tray . 	Repeat with remaining chicken . 	When all the chicken is cooked ,  sprinkle mozzarella and Parmesan evenly over the top . 	Place under the broiler until the cheese melts and is golden brown . 	Serve chicken over pasta and ladle tomato_sauce on top . 	Garnish with additional Parmesan and parsley . 	Tomato Sauce :  . 	Heat the olive_oil over medium heat in a saucepan . 	Add the onions and cook until translucent . 	Add the garlic and cook until almost brown ,  then add tomatoes . 	Saute for 30 minutes over low to medium heat . 	Add the basil and oregano and continue to cook for 30 minutes longer . 	Puree in a food mill or let cool and puree in a food processor . 	Season with salt and pepper ,  to taste . 	 .
Preheat oven to 325 degrees . 	Whisk together wet ingredients . 	Whisk together dry ingredients . 	Combine both bowls and mix with hands  (  mix will be thick )  . 	Make into patties  (  cookie size )  . 	Cook for 15 minutes .
Brown meat and add all other ingredients . 	Simmer and Serve .
Bring vinegar ,  water ,  sugar and spices to a boil . 	In succession add carrots ,  cauliflower ,  red pepper ,  onions and zucchini ,  leaving 2-3 minutes between addition of each vegetable . 	Remove from heat and let cool .
Dissolve Jello in boiling_water . 	Mix kool-aid ,  cool water and sugar . 	Add in Jello with kool-aid and pineapple_juice . 	Store till ready to use . 	Add in 7-Up and spoonfuls of sherbet when ready to serve . 	Serves 35 people . 	 ( To make Peach Punch ,  substitute orange Jello for strawberry Jello and orange kool-aid for strawberry kool-aid .  )
Put the clams in salt water while we prepare the pasta . 	Clean the clams of sand and salt . 	If you are making a large amount ,  you can freeze the leftovers for later . 	In a pan ,  heat olive_oil and garlic and over low . 	When the garlic becomes aromatic ,  pour in the white_wine on high heat . 	Cover and simmer on low to medium heat until the clams open . 	As the clams start to open ,  remove the lid . 	When they look ready ,  add in the pasta and stir . 	At this point ,  add in the soy_sauce . 	Then serve on a plate with a sprinkle of pepper .
Let butter or oil melt in a pan . 	Add onion and cook until translucent . 	Add rice and toast for a minute or two . 	Then add 500 ml of the stock and stir . 	Leave on a low simmer for 15 minutes  ( better stay nearby so you can give it an occasional stir )  . 	Add asparagus and peas . 	Stir and leave for 5 more minutes . 	You will probably need to add some more liquid  ( it will depend on the heat applied )  . 	Check the rice . 	It may need a few more minutes to finish cooking . 	Once rice is soft ,  its time to give it the finishing touch :  if needed ,  add a little water  ( add in small amounts ,  you dont want to overdo it !  ) 	and a little grated cheese to get the creaminess right . 	Remember :  it needs to flow like lava . 	Serve with fresh herbs if desired .
Prepare eggs by placing in a single layer in a Dutch oven and covering with water . 	Place lid on top and bring to a boil ,  then remove from heat and allow to sit for 15 minutes . 	In the meantime ,  prepare bacon and the avocado half . 	Dice avocado and toss in lemon_juice . 	When eggs are ready ,  remove from hot water and place in a bowl of cold water . 	When cool enough to handle ,  peel eggs and halve . 	Scoop out yolk and place in a bowl . 	Mash yolk with a fork ,  then add mayonnaise ,  caper_juice ,  hot_sauce ,  mustard ,  black pepper and diced bacon . 	Stir to combine . 	Place a few diced avocados in the hole in the egg white . 	Spoon or pipe yolk mixture on top of avocado . 	Serve immediately .
Heat oven to 350 . 	Spray 9x13 pan with cooking spray . 	Season chicken with garlic_powder . 	Dip chicken in egg ,  then flour . 	Put chicken in pan . 	In saucepan ,  mix together sugar ,  pineapple juice ,  vinegar ,  ketchup ,  soy ,  and salt . 	Bring to boil . 	Pour mixture over chicken and arrange pineapples around chicken . 	Bake uncovered 20 to 25 minutes or until internal temperature reaches 160 degrees . 	Plate it up and enjoy !
Preheat oven to 350F Grease two 8 or 9-inch cake pans . 	CAKE : 	Beat brown sugar blend and oil in an electric mixer . 	Add eggs ,  one at a time ,  beating well after each addition . 	Add next 6 ingedients . 	Beat to combine . 	Fold in chocolate chips . 	Pour batter into prepared pans . 	Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center of cake comes out clean . 	Cool in pans for 10 minutes . 	Remove from pans and cool on a wire rack . 	ASSEMBLY :  . 	Place 1 layer of cake on serving platter . 	Place sliced banana on top . 	Place remaining cake on top . 	Sprinkle with icing_sugar if desired . 	TIPS :  for a more decadent version ,  place 3/4 cup Chipits Semi-sweet chocolate chips in a heat proof bowl . 	Heat 1/4 cup Carnation fat-free evaporated milk in the microwave for 1 minute and pour over chocolate chips . 	Let sit 5 minutes ,  stir until mixture is combined . 	Drizzle half the mixture over the sliced bananas and bottom half of cake . 	Place remaining layer on top . 	Drizzle with remaining chocolate .
combine lemon juice ,  1 tsp salt ,  and fish : allow to marinate outside refrigerator for about 10 minutes . 	Seed ,  core ,  and chop the tomatoes into cubes ,  slice onion ,  mince jalepenos . 	Puree garlic ,  ginger ,  coconut_milk ,  coriander ,  cumin ,  sugar ,  pepper ,  cayenne ,  and turmeric in a blender . 	Heat oil and cook onion until golden :  add tomato and cook 5 minute . 	Add puree ,  jalepenos ,  water ,  and remaining 3/4 tsp salt and bring to a simmer . 	Add fish and 1 tbsp of the marinade and simmer until fish is cooked .
 ( Optional )  Marinate Chicken breasts with lemon_juice ,  herbs ,  and spices overnight . 	Place chicken in casserole dish with marinade covering bottom  ( at very least )  to prevent drying . 	Bake @ 350
Preheat oven to 375 . 	In a large bowl ,  mix the ground turkey ,  rice ,  1/2 cup water ,  onion ,  garlic_powder ,  pepper and salts . 	Form into golf ball size meatballs and place in a 2 quart casserole dish . 	In a bowl ,  mix the tomatoes sauce ,  worchesterchire and 1 cup water . 	Pour over the meatballs . 	Cover and bake for 1 hour .
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F .  Rinse and dry chicken breasts . 	Place on a baking sheet and season with salt ,  black_pepper ,  cayenne ,  and dry_thyme_leaves . 	Roast until just cooked through ,  about 15 minutes . 	Set aside to cool . 	Melt butter in a saute pan on top of the stove . 	Add celery and onion ,  with a pinch of salt and pepper ,  and cook until soft ,  about 3 minutes . 	Add garlic and cook 1 minute more . 	Add flour and stir to coat vegetables well . 	Cook ,  stirring often ,  for about 3 more minutes . 	Slowly pour in milk ,  while stirring or whisking . 	After milk is incorporated ,  simmer at least 10 minutes . 	Cut reserved chicken in large pieces ,  place in the food processor and pulse until finely chopped . 	Place in a bowl and pour sauce with vegetables over chicken . 	Add parsley and mix thoroughly . 	Make a test croquette by rolling a small amount in bread crumbs ,  then deep-frying . 	Adjust seasoning ,  to taste ,  with white_pepper . 	Form chicken mixture into balls ,  then roll in bread crumbs . 	Refrigerate and let the croquettes set for at least 1 hour before deep-frying in 325 degree F oil until golden brown . 	Drain and serve with Creamed Mushrooms . 	Heat butter in a saute pan on top of the stove . 	Add onion with a pinch of salt ,  pepper ,  and dry_thyme_leaves and cook until transparent ,  about 3 minutes . 	Add garlic and scallions and cook 1 minute more . 	Splash with a bit of sherry and cook until evaporated . 	Stir in flour and cook 1 minute . 	Slowly stir in milk . 	Add mushrooms and cook about 20 minutes . 	Remove from heat and add parsley . 	Season ,  to taste ,  with salt and pepper .
Combine 2 1/2 cup water and salt in small saucepan ;  bring to a boil . 	Mix cornmeal with remaining water in a small bowl . 	Add cornmeal mixture slowly to boiling water ,  stirring constantly . 	Reduce heat to low ;  cook stirring constantly ,  for 5 minutes or until mixture is thickened .
mix all ingredients together until well blended ,  batter will be stiffer than regular brownie batter . 	bake at 350 for 25-35 minutes .
In a large bowl ,  stir water ,  honey and yeast together . 	Let yeast proof 5 minutes . 	Once you know yeast is active ,  stir in salt and the flour in 1/4 cup increments . 	If you are using a stand mixer ,  be sure to not increase your speed higher than a 2 or stir . 	Once dough starts pulling away from the sides and the bowl seems to be pretty clean ,  set a timer for 5 minutes and walk away . 	Let the machine knead the dough . 	After 5 minutes ,  dough should be smooth and tacky but when touched shouldnt leave any dough on your fingers . 	Grease the bowl and the dough . 	Cover with plastic wrap or a kitchen towel and let rise 1 hour or until doubled in size . 	Punch down dough and cut into two equal portions . 	Form into two long baguettes the length of the cookie sheet . 	I like to twist mine because it looks cool ,  but it also keeps its length and doesnt shrink . 	Cover with plastic wrap and rise 30 minutes . 	Start to preheat oven to 400 degrees F and place dough close to the oven where its nice and warm . 	Once oven is preheated ,  remove plastic wrap ,  from the dough reduce oven to 350F ,  put the bread into the oven and bake 20 minutes . 	In the meantime ,  slice the cheese into thin slices and melt the butter . 	Pull loaves of bread out of the oven after 20 minutes and brush with the melted garlic_butter . 	Bake another 5-7 minutes or until bread begins to turn a golden brown . 	Remove from oven and cool 15 minutes . 	Cut 1-inch slices 3/4s of the the way through the loaves . 	Brush garlic_butter in between each slice and fill with a slice of cheese . 	Bake another 3-5 minutes or until cheese is completely melted .
Toss first 4 ingredients in large bowl . 	Whisk oil and lemon_juice in small bowl . 	Season to taste with salt and pepper . 	Drizzle dressing over salad ;  toss to coat . 	Divide salad among plates . 	Using vegetable peeler ,  shave curls of Parmesan atop each salad and serve . 	This recipe yields 4 to 6 servings . 	Comments :  Fresh kernels of raw corn are so sweet and tender which they do not need to be cooked . 	Their natural sugars and crisp juiciness pair wonderfully with the salty Parmesan and peppery arugula .
Preheat broiler . 	Combine tomato ,  basil and salt in a small bowl , set aside . 	Clean mushrooms ,  cut off stems even with caps . 	Discard stems . 	Combine vinegar and oil ,  gently brush mixture over the mushrooms . 	Place mushrooms on the unheated rack of the broiler pan . 	Broil mushroom 4 to 5 inches from the heat for 6 to 8 minutes or just till tender ,  turning once . 	Drain mushrooms on paper towels . 	Thinly slice mushrooms . 	Place bread on a baking sheet . 	Place under broiler for 2 to 3 minutes or till bread is heated through . 	To serve ,  top toasted bread with mushrooms slices and tomato mixture . 	If desired ,  top with cheese .
Coat nonstick skillet with cooking spray . 	Pour egg product into skillet ;  cook on medium-high heat 4 min . 	or until egg product is almost set ,  stirring occasionally . 	Add salsa ;  stir . 	Continue cooking until egg product mixture is set ,  stirring occasionally . 	Prepare each serving by ;  spooning 1/4 of egg mixture onto 1 tortilla ;  fold in half to serve . 	Serve each person an 8 fl oz glass of TANG with breakfast .
Combine 1 cup flour ,  yeast ,  and salt in a mixing bowl . 	Stir in water ,  buttermilk ,  egg ,  oil and honey . 	Beat until smooth with an electric mixer . 	Stir in remaining all purpose and whole_wheat_flours to form a soft ,  sticky dough . 	You may need more flour if the dough seems too sticky or runny . 	Turn onto a floured surface ,  continue to work in flour until dough is stiff enough to knead . 	Knead until smooth and elastic ,  but still soft  ( 3 to 5 minutes )  . 	Place in an oiled bowl ;  turning once to coat top of dough . 	Cover ;  let rise until double in bulk  ( about 45 minutes )  . 	Punch dough down on a lightly floured surface . 	Divide dough into half and work one at a time . 	Roll dough into a rectangular about 10-inch wide and 1/2-inch thick . 	Use a pizza cutter or a knife to slice dough into 1-inch strips ,  then cut each strip into half . 	Grap one strip ,  and tie it into a knot . 	Repeat remaining strips until they are all tied into knots . 	Place knots onto greased baking sheets ,  make sure to leave about 1/2 to 1-inch apart . 	Cover with damp kitchen towel and allow to rise and double in bulk again ,  about 30 to 50 minutes . 	Preheat oven to 400F  ( 200C )  . 	Brush each knot with egg wash ,  then bake in oven for about 11 minutes until knots are puffed ,  golden and brown on top . 	While knots are baking ,  in a small saucepan mix together garlic ,  extra-virgin olive_oil and all the freshly chopped herbs . 	Heat mixture under low heat for about 5 minutes to infuse flavor . 	Make sure to use very low heat ,  do not let garlic-herb mixture cook in oil . 	Turn off heat ,  let pan sit on stove and continue infusing . 	When knots come out of oven ,  set baking sheets on wire racks ,  and brush garlic-herb-olive_oil mixture over each knot while they are hot . 	You may need to use a small spoon to spread garlic and herb evenly over knots . 	Serve warm ,  or let garlic knots cool completely on baking sheets on wire racks . 	They can be kept in a zip-lock bag or an air-tight container for a few days ,  or can be frozen for up to 1 month if they can last that long . 	Note :  If you don't have fresh herbs ,  use a mixture of dried herbs .
Preheat the oven to 350F degrees . 	Pour the cake_mix into a mixing bowl . 	Stir in sifted all purpose flour . 	Make a well in the centre and add the eggs ,  margarine and vanilla_extract . 	With an electric beater mix on medium speed for 2 to 3 minutes until the dough does not stick to the sides of the mixing bowl . 	It will look and feel like play dough ! 	On a lightly floured board ,  divide dough into two halves . 	Roll each half into a log about 1 "  in diameter . 	Roll each log gently to the edge of the board and then continue rolling it onto a lightly sprayed 11 x 15 baking sheet . 	Flatten the top of each cookie log until it is about 3 "  wide . 	Bake for 20 minutes . 	Remove baking sheet from the oven and let stand for 10 minutes . 	Reduce oven temperature to 325 and do not turn off . 	Gently slide one cookie log onto the board that you rolled out the dough on . 	Using a serrated knife or better still an electric carving knife ,  slice each log across the width into 3/4 "  slices . 	Place cookies cut side down back onto the baking sheet and return them to the oven for another 10 minutes . 	Remove cookies to cooling rack to cool completely . 	Store cooled cookies in an airtight container or freeze . 	Variations include :  . 	PECAN BISCOTTI :  butter pecan cake_mix - chopped pecans - maple extract . 	APRICOT BISCOTTI :  golden cake_mix - chopped dried apricots - toasted slivered almonds - almond extract . 	CRANBERRY BISCOTTI :  vanilla cake_mix - chopped dried cranberries - toasted slivered almonds - almond extract . 	ORANGE SPICE BISCOTTI :  spice cake_mix - walnuts - grated orange zest . 	GINGER BISCOTTI :  spice cake_mix - walnuts - chopped crystalized ginger pieces . 	CHOCOLATE-CHOCOLATE BISCOTTI :  chocolate cake_mix - chocolate piece or chips ,  freeze first so they retain their shape during baking . 	LEMON ALMOND BISCOTTI :  lemon cake_mix - toasted slivered almonds .
To a food processor ,  add the white_beans ,  eggs ,  vanilla stevia extract  ( I used NuNaturals vanilla liquid stevia )  ,  and agave . 	Puree well . 	Add the shortening ,  coconut_flour ,  baking_soda  ( I used sodium-free baking_soda )  ,  and baking_powder  ( I used sodium-free baking_powder )  . 	Puree well . 	If making in a pan ,  pour into a springform pan lined with unbleached parchment paper on the bottom and greased all around . 	I made cupcakes  ( makes 12 cupcakes )  and used paper cupcake liners . 	Bake at 325 degrees F for about 22 minutes for cupcakes ,  or 30 minutes if baking in a springform pan . 	 ( I like to check to see if its done by inserting a knife into the middle . 	If it comes out mostly clean ,  its done .  ) 	For the frosting  ( vegan ,  gluten-free ,  dairy-free )  ,  in a large bowl ,  add shortening ,  powdered_sugar ,  and vanilla_extract . 	With a hand beater ,  mix together until it reaches frosting consistency . 	Crush cookies and mix in with a spatula or wooden spoon . 	I put my cookies in a sandwich baggie and whacked them until they were crumbs . 	Frost cooled cupcakes . 	Cut 3-6 extra cookies in half to put on top of the frosting . 	Note :  the Cookies n Cream frosting is not grain-free but the cupcakes are .
In a small bowl ,  whisk together the honey_mustard ,  apple_juice ,  and then add 3 tablespoons olive_oil . 	Add pepper ,  red_pepper flakes ,  and dried oregano . 	In a large skillet ,  heat the remaining olive_oil over medium/high heat . 	Add the steak cubes to the skillet ,  and cook turning only once ,  leaving hardly any pink  ( about 2 minutes )  ,  and transfer to a plate . 	Leave in skillet ,  and stir in ketchup ,  barbecue_sauce ,  and pepsi . 	Saute green and red_peppers for 2-3 minutes or until crisp tender . 	Toast celery_seeds for 1-2 minutes . 	Serve on banquettes .
Place ingredients in the bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer . 	Select Sweet bread cycle and light crust ;  start machine .
Place prunes in a small bowl and add boiling water to cover . 	Let stand 5 minutes ;  drain . 	Return prunes to bowl and stir in 2 tablespoons Calvados . 	Cover with plastic wrap and reserve until ready to use . 	In a large skillet ,  melt 4 tablespoons butter over medium-high heat . 	Stir in sugar ,  1/4 teaspoon salt ,  1/4 teaspoon pepper and 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg . 	Add chestnuts and cook ,  stirring occasionally to coat chestnuts with butter mixture ,  until chestnuts are golden and caramelized ,  3 to 4 minutes . 	Stir in remaining 2 tablespoons Calvados and cook ,  scraping up any browned bits from bottom of skillet ,  until liquid is mostly evaporated . 	Remove chestnuts from heat . 	In a large pot ,  melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter over medium-high heat . 	Stir in the celery ,  carrots ,  shallots and leek ;  cook ,  stirring ,  until softened ,  about 5 minutes . 	Stir in chestnuts ,  apples ,  stock and remaining 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper . 	Tie thyme and parsley together with kitchen twine and add to pot . 	Bring mixture to boil ;  reduce heat to medium-low and simmer ,  uncovered ,  until vegetables are very tender ,  25 to 30 minutes . 	Remove herbs and discard . 	Puree soup in batches in a food processor or blender  ( or use an immersion blender )  . 	Return soup to pot . 	Stir in 1/2 cup heavy_cream . 	Keep soup warm over low heat . 	With an electric mixer ,  beat remaining 1/2 cup cream with remaining 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg until cream forms soft peaks . 	To serve ,  place a prune in each bowl . 	Fill each bowl with a ladleful of soup . 	Top with a dollop of whipped cream and drizzle with Calvados .
Cook and stir chicken in large nonstick frying pan sprayed with cooking spray on medium-high heat 5 to 8 minutes or until chicken is cooked through . 	Add combined dressing and salsa ;  stir until well blended . 	Reduce heat to medium ;  cook 1 to 2 minutes or until heated through . 	Place 2 cups of the lettuce on each of 4 salad plates ;  sprinkle evenly with crushed chips . 	Top with chicken mixture and cheese . 	Serve warm .
Open your cupboard or wherever it is you store your cookware . 	Locate a 12-quart stockpot . 	If you do not have a 12-quart stockpot ,  you may use whatever size pot you have ;  in that event ,  keep in mind that serving size here is 1 cup and there are 4 cups in a quart . 	Do the math . 	Place your pot in the sink under the tap . 	If you have never used a sink before ,  it is the large depression in your counter top . 	 ( If you live with someone else ,  they may have filled it with dirty dishes ;  in this case ,  wash them or simply remove them from the sink and place them in the oven someone else will eventually discover them there and wash them . 	 )  . 	Turn the cold-water knob to the  " on "  position . 	Some people  ( like my dad )  prefer to let the water run a little bit . 	This is optional but encouraged if it's a hot day or someone has previously used the  " hot "  water knob ,  the warmer water will eventually be replaced by truly cold water . 	Fill stockpot to within a couple inches of the rim . 	Lift stockpot from sink and transfer to stove . 	 ( Although appearances may vary ,  the stove is the thing with 4 or more circular metal bands on top of it ;  alternately ,  it may be a completely flat black glass surface . 	If you are unsure ,  ask your family ,  roommate ,  or neighbor for guidance . 	 )  . 	Find knob on stove that corresponds to the  " burner "  you have placed your pot on . 	In addition to words like  " Right Front "  or  " Left Rear ,  "  there are usually little pictures near the knobs to indicate position . 	Turn knob to  " High "  and wait until water boils . 	Depending on strength of your stove and amount of water ,  the boiling time may vary . 	Note :  DO NOT WATCH THE POT ;  it will never boil in the event that you do . 	Boiled water may be used for any number of applications . 	Serve hot but do not drink . 	Alternate methods :  . 	Depending on water application ,  you may want to salt the water . 	Do this after the water has come to a boil . 	Placing a lid on the pot will help it boil faster ,  with the additional benefit of blocking water from your line of sight ,  which ,  as stated above ,  inhibits the boiling process .
Preheat grill . 	Oil the cedar plank on one side . 	Assemble the plank . 	Toss the tomatoes and onions with 1 tablespoon of the oil and creole spice . 	Lay out the tomatoes and onions on the cedar plank ,  making sure not to get to close to the edge  . 	In the same bowl ,  toss the shrimp with the remaining oil ,  and season with creole spice . 	Lay out the shrimp on top of the tomatoes and onions . 	Place in the center of the grill . 	Cover and cook 10 minutes . 	Serve with lemon butter .
Place all the ingredients in a blender and and process until smooth . 	Enjoy !
Make Mac n cheese as directed on box . add soup and peas and tuna . you might need abit more milk . I don't like a lot of pease so I use half of can . works with other cream soups also .
Cook Turkey in skillet over medium heat . 	Take a table spoon of the soup and the flour and mix in a bowl to make a roux . 	Add all the soup and the roux to the turkey and simmer for 20 minutes ,  or until you get a sloppy joe consistancy . 	 ( thick and not runny )  . 	Place mixture on hamburger_buns and add a slice of cheese . 	Microwave for 30 seconds until cheese melts . 	Enjoy !
Cook Pasta according to pkg . 	instructions ;  drain well . 	While pasta is cooking ,  cook garlic ,  mushrooms and Oregano in butter in a saucepan for about 1 1/2 minutes ,  stiring frequently . 	Add tomato and continue cooking till tomato is cooked-- about three minutes . 	Add remaining ingredients ,  mixing well . 	Cook over medium heat ,  stirring frequently until cheese is melted and sauce is hot . 	Pour sauce over hot cooked Angel Hair . 	Make sure to pass extra Parmesan cheese .
1 . 	Heat the half + half ,  sugar ,  and vanilla_beans and pod in a medium saucepan over low heat ,  whisking constantly to avoid a skin forming on the top of the mixture . 	Turn off the heat when the mixture is just about ready to start simmering the mixture should coat the back of a metal spoon . 	2 . 	Beat the egg_yolks by hand or in a stand mixer until slightly thick . 	Slowly drizzle in about half of the half + half mixture into the eggs ,  whisking constantly . 	This is tempering the eggs if you pour it in too fast ,  your eggs will scramble .  .  .  and no one wants Scrambled Egg Ice Cream . 	3 . 	Pour the egg mixture back into the pan with the remaining half + half mixture and heat on low or medium-low heat until thick ,  stirring constantly . 	It will start to get really thick and custard-like ,  which is what we are going for ! 	Remove from heat when it begins to simmer . 	4 . 	Pour the now custard into a bowl with the heavy_whipping_cream and stir to combine . 	Take a piece of plastic wrap and gently press it on to the top of the custard so the entire top surface is covered . 	This will help prevent it from forming a skin on top . 	Chill in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours or overnight . 	 ( After 2 hours ,  mine was not nearly cold enough ,  so I let it sit until the next day . 	Just gently touch the top to feel how cold the custard is . 	 )  . 	5 . 	Following the manufacturers directions ,  freeze in an ice cream maker until it reaches your desired consistency ,  about 20-30 minutes . 	Place mixture in an air tight container and place in freezer to harden for at least 8 hours . 	7 . 	Before cleaning the blade ,  lick off every last inch and moan in ecstasy . 	8 hours is entirely too long to wait for something this delicious ! 	8 . 	Top with your favorite toppings ,  or just eat it plain . 	IT IS THAT GOOD !
Whisk together the mustard ,  thyme_leaves ,  parsley ,  and 2 tablespoons olive_oil in a shallow baking dish . 	Stir in the garlic ,  and slather the pork with this mustard mixture . 	Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours ,  preferably overnight . 	Take the pork out of the refrigerator 1 hour before cooking ,  to bring it to room temperature . 	After 30 minutes ,  season the pork generously with salt and pepper . 	Reserve the marinade . 	Preheat the oven to 325F . 	Heat a large saute pan over high heat for 3 minutes . 	Swirl in the remaining 2 tablespoons olive_oil ,  and wait a minute or two ,  until the pan is very hot ,  almost smoking . 	Place the pork loin in the pan ,  and sear it on all sides until well browned and caramelized . 	Dont turn or move the pork too quickly or all the mustard will be left in the pan and not on the pork . 	Be patient ;  this searing process takes 15 to 20 minutes . 	Transfer the pork loin to a roasting rack ,  and slather the reserved marinade over the meat . 	Reserve the pan . 	Arrange the rosemary ,  sage ,  and thyme sprigs on the roast and top with 3 tablespoons butter . 	Roast the pork until a thermometer inserted into the center reads 120F ,  about 1 1/4 hours . 	Let the pork rest at least 10 minutes before slicing . 	While the pork is roasting ,  return the pork-searing pan to the stove over medium-high heat . 	Wait 1 to 2 minutes and then deglaze it with the chicken_stock or water . 	Bring to a boil ,  whisking and scraping the bottom of the pan to release the crispy bits . 	Swirl in 3 tablespoons butter and set aside . 	Arrange the haricots verts and spring_onions on a large warm platter . 	Slice the pork thinly ,  about 1/4-inch thick ,  and fan the meat over the beans . 	Add the buttery pork juices and herbs to the sauce ,  bring it to a boil ,  and then spoon it over the pork . 	Shower the mustard breadcrumbs over the top . 	Blanch the haricots verts in a large pot of salted boiling water 2 to 3 minutes ,  until tender but still al dente . 	Cut the spring_onions 1 inch above the bulb ,  leaving some green top still attached . 	Trim the roots ,  but leave the root end intact  ( this will keep the onions in wedges ,  rather than slices )  . 	Cut the onions lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick wedges . 	Heat two pans over medium-high heat for 2 minutes . 	 ( In order to get nice color on the onions and preserve their beautiful shape ,  its best to cook them in two large pans so they are not crowded .  ) 	Swirl 2 tablespoons olive_oil into each pan ,  and gently place the onions in the pans ,  cut side down . 	Season with the thyme ,  salt ,  and pepper ,  and cook the onion wedges 2 to 3 minutes ,  until they start to brown slightly . 	Turn the onions ,  using tongs ,  and add the haricots verts . 	Season each pan with 1/4 teaspoon salt and freshly ground black pepper ,  and cook 3 to 4 minutes ,  stirring to combine . 	Add the butter and sage_leaves and cook a few more minutes ,  tossing to glaze the vegetables in the butter and let the sage perfume them . 	Taste for seasoning . 	Preheat the oven to 375F . 	Place the breadcrumbs in a medium bowl . 	Heat a small saute pan over medium heat for 1 minute . 	Add the butter ,  and when it foams ,  whisk in the mustard ,  thyme ,  and parsley . 	Remove from the heat ,  let cool a few minutes ,  and then pour the mustard butter over the breadcrumbs ,  tossing to coat them well . 	Transfer the breadcrumbs to a baking sheet ,  and toast them 10 to 12 minutes ,  stirring often ,  until theyre golden brown and crispy . 	Marinate the pork the day before serving . 	You can blanch the haricots verts and cut the spring_onions ahead of time ,  but cook them while the pork is resting . 	The mustard breadcrumbs can be made a few hours ahead of time .
Combine the water ,  milk ,  butter ,  and measured salt and pepper in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium-high heat . 	Meanwhile ,  heat the oil in a medium frying pan over medium heat until shimmering . 	Add the ham and cook ,  stirring occasionally ,  until browned all over ,  about 5 to 6 minutes . 	Remove the pan from the heat and set it aside . 	Whisk the grits into the simmering milk mixture and bring to a boil . 	Continue to boil without stirring for 1 minute . 	Cover with a tightfitting lid ,  remove the pan from the heat ,  and let sit until the grits are tender ,  about 7 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  shred the cheese on the large holes of a box grater  ( you should have about 3/4 cup )  . 	Thinly slice the white and light green parts of the scallion ;  set aside . 	When the grits are ready ,  uncover and stir them to incorporate all of the liquid ;  stir until the grits are smooth . 	Sprinkle with two-thirds of the cheese and stir until combined and melted . 	Taste and season with salt and pepper as needed . 	Divide the grits between 2 bowls and sprinkle with the remaining third of the cheese . 	Top with the reserved ham and scallions and add a few dashes of hot_sauce . 	Serve immediately .
Cook tortellini per package directions and drain well . 	Preheat oven to 350 F . 	Spread 1 cup of the spaghetti_sauce in a 9x9  ( I used a 7 . 5 x 9 . 5 )  or similar sized dish . 	Evenly spread the 2 cups of cooked greens on top of the sauce . 	Cover the greens with the tortellini . 	After reserving 1/2 cup of the shredded mozzarella mix the remaining ingredients  ( 2 cups mozzarella ,  ricotta and nutmeg )  in a bowl . 	Spoon the cheese mixture evenly over the tortellini . 	Spread the remaining 1 cup of spaghetti_sauce over the cheese . 	Top with the remaining mozzarella . 	Cover with foil and bake at 350 F for 45 minutes . 	Uncover and bake for 5-8 more minutes .
Blend everything in a blender . 	Infuse love and serve with your favorite salad or other food .
The night before ,  combine the milk ,  oats ,  blueberries ,  brown sugar ,  lemon_zest ,  vanilla ,  almond_extract and a pinch of salt in a glass pint jar or other container with a lid . 	Secure the lid and shake . 	Refrigerate at least 6 hours up to overnight . 	In the morning ,  top with the almonds and drizzle with honey .
Cream together the powdered_sugar and butter with a mixer . 	Add egg and . 	vanilla . 	Mix on high speed until fluffy ,  at least 5 minutes . 	Spread in the . 	bottom of the two pie shells and chill . 	Fold pineapple into the cool whip . 	Spread cool whip mixture over the mixture in the pie shells and chill again . 	Top with maraschino_cherries . 	Cut this pie into 8 slices each because it is REALLY rich !
Heat oven to 400 degrees . 	Grease or spray 9 inch pie plate . 	Brown sausage and onion ,  drain . 	Stir in salt . 	Spread sausage in pie plate and sprinkle with cheese . 	In a bowl ,  stir together bisquick ,  milk ,  and eggs . 	Pour mixture in pie plate . 	Bake approximately 25 min ,  or until knife inserted into center comes out clean .
Cut sour_cream into biscuit_mix . 	Add club_soda and mix . 	Turn out dough on floured surface . 	Roll dough with rolling pin til about one inch thick . 	Cut dough with biscuit cutter and place in buttered iron skillet . 	Place a pat of butter on each biscuit and bake at 450 for 10 minutes or until browned to your liking .
Stir cornmeal into 2 cups of milk and let mixture come to a boil ,  making a mush . 	Remove from heat and add balance of milk and well-beaten eggs . 	Stir in salt ,  baking_powder and melted butter  . 	Bake in 2 quart greased casserole for 30 minutes at 350 degrees .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Mix all ingredients in an oven safe bowl . 	It helps if the bowl is the one you want to serve with . 	Put the dip in the oven and cook for 1/2 hour . 	Serve immediately  ( with caution ! 	the bowl should be hot )  .
Make the spice paste . 	In a mini food processor ,  combine all of the ingredients and process to a dry paste . 	Prepare the chicken . 	In a large deep skillet ,  heat the vegetable_oil to 365F Rub the spice paste all over the chicken pieces ,  massaging it inches When the oil is ready ,  carefully add the chicken and fry over moderately high heat until partially cooked ,  about 8 minutes for breast pieces and 15 minutes for thighs ,  drumsticks and wings . 	Using a slotted spoon ,  transfer the chicken to a rack to cool for 10 minutes . 	Reheat the vegetable_oil to 365F Add the chicken and fry until browned and cooked through ,  about 3 minutes for breast pieces and 5 to 6 minutes for the wings and dark meat . 	Drain the chicken on paper towels and serve . 	NOTE :  the chicken can be rubbed with the spice paste and refrigerated for 2 hours before frying .
Wash and drain spinach ;  remove any large stems . 	Cut into strips . 	Heat oil in large saucepan and saute garlic ,  onion ,  and green_onions until soft . 	Stir in rice ;  add 3 1/2 cups water and the turmeric . 	Season to taste with salt and pepper . 	Simmer for 15 minutes ,  then add spinach ,  cooking 5-7 minutes more ,  until rice is tender . 	Lower heat on soup . 	Stir yogurt briskly ,  then add to soup . 	Stir only to blend ,  and heat just until soup is heated through . 	Do not boil ,  or yogurt will curdle . 	Serve . 	As a suggestion ,  serve with fresh flatbreads with olive oil ,  olives ,  lemon wedges ,  and a plate of fresh herbs .
Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium-high heat . 	Add onions ,  celery ,  1/2 of the parsley ,  and all of garlic and saute until tender ,  about 10 minutes . 	Add tomatoes and simmer 10 minutes . 	Add vinegar ,  fennel ,  spices ,  salt and pepper and simmer 20 minutes . 	Add stock ,  white wine and continue to simmer for another 30-45 minutes ,  stirring occasionally and adding more stock if needed . 	Then add the shrimp and fish and simmer until the shrimp are almost cooked through ,  about 4 minutes . 	Serve in big soup bowls ,  and top each serving with crabmeat ,  parsley ,  and a drizzle of extra-virgin olive_oil .
Mix filling :  ground_beef ,  soy_sauce ,  rice_vinegar ,  honey ,  chopped scallion . 	Make egg wash with egg and 1 tsp water . 	Place about 1 tsp filling on wonton wrapper ,  . 	Moisten all 4 edges of wonton wrapper . 	Fold one corner to opposite corner ,  press out air ,  and seal edges . 	Then moisten top with egg wash and bring other corners over the top to meet and seal together . 	It looks kind of like an envelope with the flap up . 	Boil wontons 10 at a time in boiling chicken_stock with sliced green_onions and GF soy_sauce to taste . 	Boil for about 4 minutes until meat and noodles are cooked . 	Remove wontons with a slotted spoon to bowls as they are finished . 	Wilt baby_bok_choy in boiling stock . 	Divide stock with bok choy and onions into bowls .
Melt butter in 10-inch skillet over medium-high heat until sizzling ;  add shrimp . 	Cook just 2-3 minutes or until shrimp are pink . 	Remove from heat ;  season lightly with salt and pepper ,  if desired . 	Combine coleslaw mix and dressing in bowl . 	 * Substitute shredded lettuce .
For the candy coated cones : 	Lay a piece of parchment paper over a cookie sheet . 	Add one of the candy coating squares into a ramekin or small bowl that has a diameter slightly larger than the top of the ice cream cone . 	Melt the candy coating in a microwave for 30 second bursts making sure to stir between each 30 seconds . 	Dip the top of two of the ice_cream_cones into the melted candy coating . 	You may need to tilt the bowl slightly so the coating covers the area that is about an inch to two inches from the top of the cone . 	Then sprinkle the decorative candies on top of the candy coating . 	Next ,  set the bottom of the cone in the candy coating tilting the bowl slightly so the coating covers the area that is about an inch to two inches from the bottom of the cone . 	Set the bottom of the cone on the parchment paper and let the candy coating dry  ( about 30 minutes )  . 	The candy coating on the bottom helps to give the cone a better footing so that it doesnt tip over when the popcorn is stacked on the top . 	After dipping two of the cones in the coating ,  add the other square of candy coating to the bowl and melt it in the microwave ,  using the same method described above . 	Then dip the remaining cones into the melted chocolate and decorate with the candy_sprinkles the same as above . 	For the popcorn and caramel chocolate filling : 	While the candy coating hardens ,  pop the popcorn according to package instructions . 	Once popped put the popcorn into a bowl ,  removing any un-popped kernels ,  add salt and set aside . 	Unwrap the caramels and add them to a medium size saucepan . 	Heat the pan on low to medium heat and stir constantly . 	Once the caramels start to melt add the water and continue to stir . 	Once the caramels are totally melted ,  remove the pan from the heat and set aside for a quick moment . 	In a small bowl ,  melt the chocolate_chips in a microwave for 30 second bursts making sure to stir between each 30 seconds . 	Drizzle the caramel in the bottom of the ice_cream_cones  ( about 2 teaspoons )  . 	Then drizzle the chocolate in the cones  ( about 2 teaspoons )  . 	Next ,  sprinkle some of the toffee bits in the bottom of the cones . 	Add the popcorn until it reaches the top of the cone . 	Then drizzle more of the caramel and chocolate ,  and top with the a few more toffee bits . 	Next add as much popcorn to the top of the chocolate that will stick . 	If you have extra you can add more kernels of popcorn by dipping them in the caramel so theyll stick . 	When adding them ,  try to make an overall shape that looks like a scoop of ice cream . 	Lastly ,  drizzle any remaining caramel and chocolate over the popcorn and top with toffee bits . 	The caramel hardens quickly so you may need to warm it up on the stove a couple times in between making the cones . 	Let the caramel and chocolate harden on top of the popcorn before serving  ( about an hour )  .
Put dried_lentils and rice in crock pot . 	Fill crock pot up with warm water until there is about two inches of water above the beans and rice . 	The crock pot should be on the highest setting for it to cook the fastest . 	Cook the turkey or beef in a skillet until browned . 	Add meat to lentils and rice and stir together in crock pot . 	Once the lentils and rice are fulled cooked ,  . 	shut off the crock pot and stir in your frozen vegetables . 	The last step is measuring and freezing the individual servings for easy feeding to your dog .
While meat is cooking ,  slice bell pepper and onion ,  crush or chop 1 or 2 cloves of garlic . 	When meat is done ,  remove from pan and set to the side . 	In the leftover drippings ,  add onion ,  green_pepper and garlic ,  sautee until onion begins to brown . 	Add 2 cups of water and stir to remove browned bits from bottom of pan . 	Bring to a light boil and remove from heat . 	In a cup ,  combine 2 tbsp cornstarch and 4 tbsp water ,  stir until smooth . 	This is your slurry . 	Return pan to heat ,  add slurry and stir until well combined . 	Bring to boil ,  season to taste . 	Return meat to pan and cover with gravy . 	Simmer until meat is as tender as you like .
Pour all of the diced melons in a large glass pitcher . 	Top with ice . 	Gently muddle mint_leaves with the lemon juice . 	Add to pitcher . 	Pour wine last into the glass and stir with a wooden spoon .
Add matcha and 5 g of sugar to a small bowl . 	Add hot_water and mix well with a spoon . 	Crack the eggs into a medium-sized bowl . 	Add 40 g sugar in small batches and mix with a whisk until it's white . 	Combine the heavy_cream with 35 g sugar in a large bowl ,  and whip until they form soft peaks . 	Add ingredients from Step 1 to the bowl from Step 2 . 	Then add the cream mixture from Step 3 ,  and combine in cutting motions using a spatula . 	Don't mix too much . 	Pour into a container and freeze for over 4 hours . 	No need to mix while it's freezing . 	Your delicious matcha ice cream is done !
Put the egg_yolks and tapioca_flour in a blender and blend on low speed to form a light-colored paste . 	Cut the vanilla_bean in half and scrape out the seeds . 	Put the seeds and pod in a small saucepan . 	Add the milk ,  brown sugar ,  ginger ,  cinnamon ,  paprika ,  cayenne ,  and nutmeg . 	Bring the mixture to a simmer . 	Turn off the heat ,  cover the pot ,  and let the spices infuse for 15 minutes . 	Remove the lid and take out the vanilla_bean . 	Bring the mixture back to a boil ,  then remove from the heat . 	Turn the blender that contains the egg_yolks and tapioca starch back on low . 	Quickly and carefully pour the hot liquid into the blender ,  then increase the speed to medium . 	The hot liquid will cook the egg_yolks and thicken the tapioca . 	Strain the mixture into a bowl set over an ice bath and let it cool completely . 	When the mixture is cold ,  you can refrigerate it until youre ready to make the souffles . 	Preheat the oven to 350F  ( 175C )  . 	Brush the inside of eight 8-ounce ramekins with the melted butter . 	Put 1 tablespoon  ( 12 . 5 grams )  granulated_sugar into the first ramekin and spin it around the inside to coat the interior . 	Tap out the extra sugar into the next ramekin and coat the inside of that one ,  continuing through all 8 containers ,  adding more sugar as needed until 1/4 cup  ( 50 grams )  has been used or all the ramekins have been coated . 	When the final ramekin is coated ,  discard any extra sugar . 	Put the egg_whites in a bowl and beat them with an electric mixer on medium-high . 	When the whites become foamy ,  sprinkle in the remaining 2 tablespoons  ( 25 grams )  sugar and continue to whip until they reach soft peaks . 	Fold the whipped whites into the gingerbread base in three additions . 	Fill each ramekin two-thirds full . 	Run your finger lightly around the inside of each ramekin ,  trying not to dislodge the sugar ,  to form an exterior edge around the souffle mixture . 	Put the ramekins on a baking sheet and bake for 18 to 20 minutes . 	The souffles will be tall and hold their shape . 	Serve immediately .
Pour the champagne and energy_drink into a large pitcher . 	Stir to mix ,  pour into glasses ,  and serve .
Preheat the oven to 180 degrees C  ( 350 degrees F or Gas 4 )  . 	Line a 12-cup muffin tin with cupcake cases ,  and set aside . 	Whisk together flour ,  cocoa_powder ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda ,  and salt . 	Set aside . 	Whisk eggs . 	Add sugar and whisk until combined . 	Add vanilla_extract and vegetable_oil ,  whisk until combined . 	Mix in dry ingredients ,  then fold in sour_cream and chocolate_chips . 	Divide the batter evenly between the cupcake cases ,  filling only 2/3 full . 	Bake 2022 minutes ,  or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean . 	Allow to cool for 5 minutes in the pan ,  before transferring them to a wire rack to cool completely before frosting . 	For the frosting :  Using a handheld or stand mixer ,  beat together butter and icing_sugar until light and fluffy . 	Beat in cocoa_powder ,  milk and vanilla until smooth ,  and spreadable . 	Add more milk if needed . 	Transfer the frosting to a piping bag ,  and frost the cooled cupcakes . 	You could also frost the cupcakes using a palette knife ,  like I have here . 	Garnish with chocolate_chips .
Preheat oven to 325 F . 	1 . 	Spray your bundt pan with non-cooking spray with flour . 	I prefer to use the floured spray rather than the shortening and flour technique because of the intricate detail of my bundt pan . 	I tend to have better luck with a clean release . 	However ,  it is key to be liberal with your coating ,  no matter which technique you choose . 	The last thing you want is a delicious cake held captive in a sticky pan ! 	2 . 	Cream the butter ,  shortening and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer . 	Beat it well and allow the mixture to become fluffy . 	This step is very important for setting up the texture of the cake . 	3 . 	Add the 5 eggs ,  one at a time ,  incorporating well after each addition . 	Scrape the sides of the bowl periodically . 	4 . 	Add the pure pumpkin_puree and vanilla to the mixer ;  mix well . 	5 . 	In a separate bowl ,  combine the dry ingredients  ( flour through cinnamon )  . 	5 . 	Beginning with one-third of the dry ingredients ,  alternate adding dry ingredients and milk into the creamed mixture ,  allowing each step to become incorporated before adding more of the other ingredient . 	You will do three alternating cycles ,  ending with the milk . 	6 . 	Pour batter into the prepared bundt pan . 	I place the pan on a cookie sheet before placing in the oven just to catch any possible overflow . 	I would much rather clean a cookie sheet rather than the entire oven bottom ! 	7 . 	The cooking time will depend on the size of your pan and your oven . 	After 1 hour 15 minutes ,  check the cake . 	Do not stick it with a tester ;  you will have a fallen cake if you do ! 	Begin watching the cake every 15 minutes until the top is firm to the touch and there is no jiggling motion to the cake . 	If you test the cake at this point ,  you might still get some moist crumbs attach to the tester ,  but there should be no batter . 	My cake takes 2 hours to bake . 	8 . 	Remove the cake from the oven and allow to cool for 15 minutes in the pan . 	9 . 	Invert the cake onto your serving dish . 	If you coated the pan well ,  the cake will release with no problem and you will be left with a steaming ,  beautiful cake . 	10 . 	I like to serve with whipped cream and a dusting of cinnamon .
Preheat oven to 400 F .  Cut tofu into thin triangles and put them on a well greased baking sheet . 	Bake at 400 F until golden brown  ( 30-45 minutes )  . 	In a small bowl ,  whisk together the soy_sauce ,  brown_sugar ,  lemon juice ,  and honey for stir-fry sauce . 	Set aside . 	Cook rice according to package directions . 	Thinly slice red_pepper ,  zucchini and squash and saute it in a large pan over medium heat with 1 tablespoon of oil for 8-10 minutes . 	Add the steamed broccoli and tofu and mix to combine . 	Mix in 1/2 the sauce and cook for 5 minutes	Sauce recipe adapted from Veggie Belly	Add the cooked rice and coat entire mixture evenly with the remaining sauce . 	Continue to cook and stir until heated through and well combined . 	Serve and enjoy !
Set oven to 375 degrees . 	Butter a deep 2 or 3-quart baking dish . 	For the pudding ;  in a bowl combine the eggs ,  white sugar ,  brown sugar and nutmeg ;  stir in the melted butter and whipping_cream ;  mix until well combined . 	Add in the bread cubes and raisins ;  toss to combine with the cream mixture . 	Transfer to the prepared baking dish . 	Bake for about 50-55 minutes . 	Cover with foil the last 30 minutes of baking to prevent excess browning . 	Let stand for 10 minutes  ( or more )  before serving with vanilla sauce . 	For the vanilla sauce ;  in a heavy saucepan whisk all ingredients together  ( except vanilla )  cook over medium heat whisking continuously for about 10 minutes or until thickened . 	Remove from heat and stir in vanilla . 	Serve warm or at almost room temperature with the pudding . 	Delicious !
Cook rice per package instructions . 	Remove from heat when tender . 	Lightly fluff it with a fork then stir in diced green_onions ,  place lid on pot and set aside . 	Heat your grill or griddle pan to medium high heat . 	Spray grill or griddle pan with cooking spray . 	On a clean work surface ,  place the salmon  ( skin side down )  . 	In a small bowl add orange zest and juice ,  sugar ,  cayenne_pepper ,  cumin and salt and stir together . 	Coat the top and sides of salmon with seasonings . 	Leave any remaining spice mixture for later ;  youll use it in the sauce . 	Place salmon ,  skin side down ,  on the heated grill or griddle pan on medium high heat . 	Grill salmon fillets for 4 minutes then flip over gently and grill for 4 minutes on the other side . 	Remove from grill or griddle pan and place on a platter . 	Use a foil tent to keep warm . 	In a blender add Greek_yogurt ,  honey ,  a dash or two of hot_sauce and any leftover seasonings from the small bowl . 	Puree together on medium . 	I use an ice cream scoop to plate the rice and green_onions ,  then spoon a good portion of the yogurt mixture on the serving plate and add grilled salmon on top of that . 	This is so flavorful ! 	Hope you will enjoy !
In a bowl ,  using an electric mixer ,  beat together peanut_butter ,  butter ,  and salt until creamy . 	With mixer on low speed ,  beat in powdered_sugar ,  1/2 cup at a time . 	Increase speed to medium-high and beat until light and fluffy . 	Add cocoa powder ,  beating until very smooth and creamy .
In large saucepan over medium high ,  heat the oil . 	Add all the spices . 	Cook ,  stirring constantly for 30 seconds . 	Add the beef and cook until browned ,  about 6 minutes . 	Add the apples and onion ,  then saute for 5 minutes . 	Stir in the tomato_paste ,  broth and vinegar and bring to a simmer . 	Cook ,  uncovered ,  for 10 minutes .
Combine chocolate chips and peanut_butter_chips in top of double boiler . 	Stir frequently over low to medium heat until melted ;  add peanuts and stir . 	Drop by teaspoon full on wax paper . 	Allow to cool .
Cook bacon in heated large frying pan ,  stirring ,  until starting to crisp . 	Add onion ,  bell pepper and garlic ;  cook ,  stirring until onion softens . 	Add paste ,  vinegar and paprika ;  cook ,  stirring ,  1 minute . 	Add rice ;  cook ,  stirring ,  2 minutes . 	Add bay leaf ,  stock ,  the water and beans ;  bring to the boil . 	Reduce heat ;  simmer ,  covered ,  20 minutes . 	Add corn ;  cook ,  covered ,  about 5 minutes or until rice is tender . 	Remove from heat ;  stand ,  covered ,  5 minutes . 	Stir in juice ;  season to taste .
Brown hamburger ,  onion ,  green_peppers ,  and celery ;  drain . 	Simmer rest of ingredients and add in hamburger mix . 	Simmer 20 min . 	Add in cooked_rice before serving .
Heat the oven to 350 degrees F . 	For the cookies :  Cream the butter and sugar together . 	Add in the eggs 1 at a time ,  mixing well after each egg . 	Stir in the vanilla . 	Add the baking_soda to the hot_water ,  mix and add to the butter mix . 	Stir in the flour and salt until blended . 	Drop by the teaspoonful onto a silpat lined cookie sheet . 	Bake for 12-15 minutes until golden brown . 	Then remove from oven and allow to cool . 	For the filling :  Cook dates and flour and sugar and water together in a saucepan over medium heat until it has thickened ,  about 15 minutes . 	Take off heat and stir in vanilla . 	Let cool . 	Once the cookies are fully cooled take a tablespoon of the filling and sandwich it between 2 cookies . 	Place cookies in an airtight container for 24 hours before eating . 	The filling will make the cookies super soft and moist . 	delish !
Bring 4 quarts water to boil and set up ice bath . 	Trim asparagus of hard ends and drop into water . 	Cook 70 seconds . 	Remove with tongs and refresh in ice bath . 	Drain and set aside . 	In a 10- to 12-inch saute pan ,  heat 4 tbsp . 	butter until very dark brown . 	Add asparagus and toss until warm . 	Remove asparagus and divide among 4 plates . 	Towel off saute pan and add remaining butter . 	Cook until foam subsides . 	Crack eggs in and cook sunny-side up ,  approximately 2 minutes . 	Place one egg over each plate ,  sprinkle with cheese and serve .
In one saucepan ,  combine the wild_rice and 3 cups of water . 	Bring to a boil ,  cover and reduce heat to low . 	Simmer for 40 to 50 minutes ,  or until rice is tender and water has been absorbed . 	In a separate saucepan ,  combine the brown_rice and 2 cups of water . 	Bring to a boil ,  cover and reduce heat to low . 	Simmer for 45 minutes ,  or until rice is tender and water has been absorbed . 	After both kinds of rice have finished cooking ,  spread out on baking sheets to cool and dry for about 30 minutes . 	In a large bowl ,  combine the wild_rice ,  brown_rice ,  pecans ,  raisins ,  green_onions ,  mint ,  orange juice and zest . 	Stir in the wine and olive_oil ;  season with salt and pepper . 	Cover and set aside for 2 hours to blend flavors . 	Serve at room temperature .
Preheat oven to 425F . 	In a bowl combine hash brown ,  salt ,  and pepper . 	Divided evenly into 12 greased cups . 	Press mixture onto sides and bottom of muffin cups . 	Bake at 425 F for 20 minutes or until lightly brwon . 	Cook ground_beef in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat ,  stirring occasionally until meat is cooked . 	Drain of fat ,  then put hamburger back into skillet add half of grated sharp_cheddar_cheese ,  salt and pepper to taste until all mixed . 	Remove baking pan from oven ,  divided ground_beef mix into muffin cups ,  and add cheese on top ,  then put them back into oven until cheese melts . 	Place on paper towel to remove excess grease before serving . 	Serve warm as an appetizer . 	Enjoy .
Brown meat with chopped onion ;  drain . 	Add green_peppers ,  celery and leaves ;  cook until soft . 	Add ketchup ,  tomato_sauce ,  vinegar ,  sugar and Worcestershire_sauce ;  stir well to combine . 	Simmer 1520 minutes before serving . 	Note :  To save on time and money ,  omit the green_pepper and onion and use half of small bag of a frozen pepper and onion stir fry blend .
Brown meat in a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat ;  drain well . 	Place meat in a 4-quart electric slow cooker ;  stir in water and next 10 ingredients . 	Cover ;  cook on low-heat for 8 hours . 	Increase heat setting to high ;  stir in rice . 	Cover and cook an additional 30 minutes or until rice is tender .
The night before baking ,  make sponge by combining all ingredients in a large bowl . 	Mix thoroughly and cover with plastic wrap and a cloth . 	Let sit at room temperature overnight or up to 12 hours . 	The next day ,  add the dough ingredients to the sponge and mix well . 	Knead by hand or mixer with dough hook until all ingredients are incorporated and for about 5 minutes more . 	Cover dough and let sit for 15 to 20 minutes . 	Knead for 5 to 7 minutes or until smooth . 	Move dough to an oiled bowl ,  cover and let rise until doubled in volume . 	A straight sided clean container is best for this or a large graduated measuring cup . 	This is best at room temperature but can take 1 1/2 hours or more but can be accomplished at 90F in an oven or microwave using hot water as the heat source in about 45 minutes . 	When doubled ,  stretch and dimple dough to form a rectangle and roll tightly back toward yourself ,  forming an oblong shape and place on baking paper or parchment to rise . 	I use an oblong brotform . 	Cover with plastic wrap sprayed with oil . 	Preheat oven ,  stone or baking sheet ,  and an empty pan to hold water to 375F . 	When doubled in volume ,  score diagonally with sharp knife or razor blade and place in the oven . 	Pour 1 cup of hot water into the empty pan to generate steam . 	Cook for 35 minutes or until 180 to 210 F internal temperature . 	Note :  This is easily made in your bread machine ,  including the sponge . 	Just mix the sponge on dough cycle and unplug machine and close lid . 	The next day ,  either cook on basic cycle or use dough cycle and hand form and bake loaf in the oven .
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large saucepan . 	Stir in the brown_rice ,  and cook until golden brown . 	Add the lentils ,  water ,  and salt ;  bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat to low ,  cover ,  and cook until the rice is tender and the water is absorbed ,  about 40 minutes . 	Add additional water if needed ;  mixture should be very thick . 	Remove from heat and let cool slightly . 	Place the cooked rice mixture in a food processor along with the eggs ,  bread crumbs ,  Parmesan cheese ,  basil ,  and garlic_powder . 	Process until well combined ,  and the texture of ground meat . 	Form into 1/4 to 1/2 inch thick patties ,  using about 3 tablespoons mixture for each . 	Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a large skillet . 	In batches ,  fry patties until browned ,  about 2 to 3 minutes per side . 	Drain on paper towels ;  cool . 	Fry remaining patties in the same manner . 	Store in airtight containers in the refrigerator or freezer .
Combine all ingredients . 	Pour over cooked steaks and garnish with lemon wedges .
Mix all the ingredients and rub generously on brisket ,  wrap in foil and refrigerate 3 days . 	Remove from foil and bake at 325-350 for about 2 1/2 hours .
Place crushed cookies ,  butter ,  oats ,  sugar and baking powder in bowl of electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment . 	Beat on low speed until crumbly . 	Press 3 lb . 	of the crumb mixture  ( or 1-1/2 lb . 	of the crumb mixture for trial recipe )  firmly onto bottom of each of 2  ( 2-inch deep )  full-size hotel pans  ( or one half hotel pan for trial recipe )  . 	Reserve remaining crumb mixture . 	Bake in 300F-convection oven for 15 minutes . 	Mix jelly and cornstarch . 	Spread 3 cups of the jelly mixture  ( or 1-1/2 cups for the trial recipe )  evenly onto each warm crust ;  sprinkle with 1-1/3 cups  ( 8 oz .  ) 	of the peanuts  ( or 2/3 cup [4 oz . ]	for the trial recipe )  . 	Top with the reserved crumb mixture . 	Bake an additional 15 minutes or until golden brown . 	Cool completely . 	Cut into 48 bars to serve . 	 ( Or ,  cut into 12 bars for trial recipe .  )
Mix all ingredients together . 	Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour up to 3 days .
Cut corn off the cob into a bowl . 	Chop one tomato for every two cobs of corn into the same bowl . 	You want a ratio of about two to one for the corn and tomato . 	Chop onion and add to the bowl . 	Mix oil and vinegar with a whisk ,  and pour over vegetables . 	Season with s &  p to taste .
Take your bunch of asparagus ,  cut about 2-3 inches off of the ends	Put them in your frying pan  :  ) 	Add half of a bottle of Italian_dressing to the pan ,  over top of the asparagus	Add 1/4 cup of apple cider vinegar to the pan . 	Cook on med high ,  covered with a lid ,  for about 10-15 minutes . 	Add a little salt and pepper . 	 :  )
Drain oil from Tuna and put in medium glass bowl . 	Finely chop onion ,  parsley and chilli and add to bowl . 	Add butter ,  crushed pepper ,  salt and lemon_juice . 	Mix well . 	Butter 2 bread slice and put lettuce . 	Put enough Tuna mix and spread evenly . 	Cut and Serve as desired .
Place all ingredients in a food processor or blender EXCEPT for the water and puree until the mixture is smooth . 	Pour the mixture in a saucepan over medium heat . 	Mix in the water and stir . 	Bring this mixture to a boil and allow it to boil for five minutes while stirring often . 	When it is fully thickened ,  take the pan off the heat source and let it cool .
Pop popcorn . 	Place in a large bowl ,  removing any unpopped kernels . 	Toss in the broken pretzel pieces ,  M & Ms and dried_cherries . 	Melt white_chocolate_chips in a microwave safe bowl in 30 second intervals ,  stirring after each interval until melted and smooth . 	Drizzle half the melted chips over popcorn mixture ,  then stir ,  tossing gently a few times with a rubber spatula . 	Then drizzle remaining half of the melted chips over popcorn ,  and gently stir until evenly coated . 	Pour mixture into a single layer onto a sheet of wax paper . 	Sprinkle entire mixture evenly with sprinkles  ( as many as you'd like )  before the chips set . 	Allow to cool and harden ,  then gently break into pieces and store in an airtight container .
This is very easy , add everything into large mixing bowl , seasoning and mix well	Divide into 4 serve  ,  with banana leaves  , or foil  , base with dills or basil  , wrap and use toothpick to pin tightly  , then bring to bake at 180c for 20 mins	Sure this one have a very good smell  , serve with hot steamed jasmine rice  :  )
Mix all ingredients together . 	Pour into a greased  ( or sprayed )  9 x 13 inch baking dish . 	Bake at 350 degrees  ( 175 C .  )  for approximately 1 hour or until knife blade inserted in center comes out clean .
Spray a 10-inch nonstick skillet that has a metal or removable handle with nonstick cooking spray and heat ;  add ham and onion and cook over medium heat ,  stirring occasionally ,  until onion is softened ,  3 to 4 minutes . 	Remove from skillet and set aside . 	In same skilet heat 1/2 teaspoon oil ;  add potatoes ,  sprinkle with seasonings ,  and saute over medium heat ,  turning occasionally ,  until lightly browned on both sides . 	Remove potatoes from skillet . 	Add remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons oil to skillet ;  return potatoes and arrange in bottom of pan . 	Top with ham mixture ,  asparagus ,  peas ,  and pimientos ;  pour in beaten eggs and cook over medium heat until bottom of omelet is golden ,  3 to 4 minutes . 	Transfer pan to broiler and broil 5 inches from heat source until eggs are set and omelet begins to brown . 	Using spatula ,  loosen edges of omelet and carefully slide onto warmed plate .
Brown sausages ,  drain and cut in quarters . 	While sausage is cooking ,  combine remaining ingredients in a large pot ,  starting with 2 cups of water . 	Bring to a boil ,  then lower heat and simmer . 	Add sausages and more water if necessary . 	Simmer 1 hour ,  adding more water if necessary .
Combine peanut_butter and softened butter in a large bowl . 	Stir until combined . 	Add sugars and stir . 	Using a teaspoon scoop out filling and roll into balls ,  if it sticks to your fingers add more sugar or better yet put in fridge for 10-15 minute . 	Scoop all filling with tsp again and roll into balls ,  set on cookie sheet . 	Sandwich filling between two pretzels . 	Set sheet in freezer for 30 minute . 	Meanwhile using a double boiler melt chocolate or boil water in a medium sized pot ,  turn off heat and place a glass bowl over the top of the pot ,  let the steam melt the chocolate . 	Stir occasionally until completely melted . 	Remove bites from freezer and dip in halfway into chocolate ,  set on cookie sheet . 	Let chocolate set or put back in freezer for 10 minute . 	Store in refrigerator until serving time .
For roux ,  blend oil and flour in stockpot . 	Cook over medium heat 10-15 minutes until dark brown . 	Add chopped onion ,  parsley ,  celery ,  green_onions and garlic to roux . 	Cook additional 5-10 minutes until tender . 	Add broth ,  okra ,  salt and simmer for 15 minutes ,  covered . 	Add shrimp ,  simmer 5 minutes more . 	Add cooked_rice ,  and serve .
Preheat oven to 350F	Butter each slice of bread on one side	Place one slice of bread butter side down on a foil-covered baking sheet . 	Place cheese on top of bread slice	Place tomato slices on top of cheese  ( you can skip this step ,  or use ham ,  turkey ,  or whatever you like instead )  . 	Place the other slice of bread on top ,  butter side up . 	Bake in the oven for five minutes . 	Flip the sandwich ,  and bake for another five minutes ,  or until both sides are golden brown . 	Enjoy !
Heat 3 inches of oil in a heavy saucepan or deep fryer to 375 degrees . 	Mix the eggs ,  milk ,  brown sugar ,  flour ,  and baking_soda together in a medium-sized bowl . 	Add the banana slices a few at a time ,  coating them well with the batter . 	With a long slotted spoon remove the banana slices a few at a time and place them into the oil . 	Fry the bananas for 2 to 3 minutes ,  until lightly browned ,  turning them once . 	Drain them on paper towels and transfer them to a serving platter . 	Repeat the process until all of the bananas have been fried . 	Sprinkle them with the confectioners'_sugar and serve warm .
Cut the bamboo_shoots into easy to eat pieces . 	Slice the onion about 5 mm thick . 	Bring the dashi_stock to a boil in a pan . 	Add the onion and simmer ,  then add the bamboo_shoots a little bit later . 	When the onion is cooked ,  add the canned mackerel ,  liquid and all . 	When the pan comes to a boil ,  lightly cut up the mackerel with your ladle  ( don't crush it too much )  . 	Dissolve in the miso and it's done . 	This is the bamboo shoot ,  canned mackerel and onion version ,  but there's another variation  .  .  .  bamboo shoot ,  chopped pork and tofu . 	I recommend both . 	This is also delicious as a  " cat's meal "   ( nekomanma )  ,  with rice added to the soup . 	One person made a version with beaten egg . 	This is delicious too . 	Try it with egg if you like !
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees . 	Combine the first 8  ( dry )  ingredients in a mixing bowl and stir together . 	Make a well in the center and add the rice milk and oil . 	Stir until well combined ,  adding more rice milk as needed to make a smooth ,  slightly stiff batter . 	Fold in the tomato and olives . 	Pour the batter into a lightly oiled 9-by-5-by-3-inch loaf pan . 	Bake for 45 to 50 minutes ,  or until a knife inserted into the center of the loaf tests clean . 	Let cool until just warm ,  then cut into slices to serve . 	Per slice  ( 12 slices per loaf )  : 	Calories :  130	Total fat :  4g	Protein :  4g	Fiber :  3g	Carbohydrate :  22g	Cholesterol :  0mg	Sodium :  218mg
In bowl ,  beat butter with granulated_sugar until light and fluffy ;  beat in egg . 	In separate bowl ,  whisk together flour ,  cocoa ,  cinnamon ,  baking_soda ,  baking_powder ,  cloves and salt ;  add to butter mixture alternately with milk ,  making two additions of each and scraping down bowl between additions . 	Stir in chocolate chips and chopped walnuts . 	Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours or until firm . 	Roll by generous 1 tbsp into 1-inch balls . 	Place ,  2 inches  ( 5 cm )  apart ,  on parchment paper-lined baking sheets . 	Bake in top and bottom thirds of 350 F  ( 180 C )  oven ,  rotating and switching pans halfway through ,  for about 12 minutes or until tops begin to crack . 	Transfer to rack ;  let cool completely . 	Glaze :  Place rack on baking sheet . 	In bowl ,  whisk together sugar ,  coffee and vanilla ;  spoon 1 tsp  ( 5 mL )  on each cookie . 	Let set . 	 ( Make Ahead :  Store layered between waxed paper in airtight container for up to five days . 	 )  .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees . 	Grease and flour cookie sheet . 	Sift flour ,  baking_powder and salt into a large bowl . 	Make a well in the center and stir in ricotta ,  eggs ,  vanilla ,  sugar ,  candied_fruit ,  raisins ,  almonds and lemon_peel . 	Knead lightly until dough holds together . 	Shape into a 12 inch long loaf and place on the cookie sheet . 	Bake 50 to 60 minutes ,  until a toothpick comes our clean from the center . 	Transfer to a wire rack . 	Brush butter over the warm loaf . 	Sift confectioner's sugar over the top . 	Cool completely .
If making on the stovetop :  . 	Boil lentils and bay_leaf in water until lentils are soft . 	Heat oil on medium-high heat . 	Add garlic and saute until golden . 	Add onions ,  celery ,  and bell pepper . 	Saute until tender . 	Add onion/celery/bell pepper/garlic mixture to lentils and water . 	Add potato and carrot . 	Cover and simmer for 30 minutes . 	Add chopped parsley ,  salt and pepper . 	Simmer for 10 minutes more . 	Garnish with chopped green onions and/or parmesan cheese ,  if desired . 	If making in the slowcooker :  . 	Add lentils ,  bay_leaf and water to slowcooker . 	Cover and turn on high while you prepare other ingredients . 	Complete steps 3-7 above . 	Lower setting on slowcooker to low and cook for 8 hours or keep on high and cook for 4 hours . 	One hour before done in slowcooker ,  complete steps 9 and 10 above .
Spread 2 Tbsps of low fat cream cheese over each whole wheat tortilla . 	Spread thinly sliced strawberries over half of each tortilla . 	Sprinkle with cinnamon and sugar . 	Fold in half . 	Warm skillet and spray with non-stick cooking spray on medium-low heat . 	Place tortillas in the skillet and cook slowly until one side is golden and crispy and flip and repeat for the other side .
Preheat oven to broil . 	Toss together tomatoes ,  argula ,  and shallot in large bowl . 	Add oil ,  lemon_juice ,  and 1 teaspoon Za'atar ,  toss to coat . 	Set aside . 	Spread chevre on bread slices ,  and place on baking sheet . 	Sprinkle each bread slice with 1 teaspoon Za'atar . 	Broil 2-3 minutes ,  or until bread is crisp and Za'atar darkens . 	Place 2 bread slices on each plate . 	top each with 1/4 cup tomato-arugula mixture .
Grease a medium gratin dish with two tablespoons of butter . 	In a pan ,  combine the other two tablespoons of butter with red pepper ,  shallot ,  celery and garlic ,  and season with salt and pepper . 	Cook over medium heat until soft and fragrant . 	Allow vegetable mixture to cool ,  and combine with the crabmeat ,  lemon_juice ,  and herb mixture . 	In a separate bowl ,  whisk eggs ,  and combine with milk and heavy_cream . 	Place a layer of bread cubes ,  then a layer of the crab mixture ,  and sprinkle with fontina cheese . 	Repeat until all of your ingredients are used ,  and finish with a final sprinkle of fontina cheese . 	Pour egg mixture over the entire gratin dish . 	You can do this the night before ,  but let the egg mixture soak into the bread mixture for at least 10 minutes before putting it into a preheated 350 degree oven . 	Bake for 45-55 minutes until set ,  puffed and golden brown . 	Serve immediately .
Arrange turkey ,  tomato and bacon over greens on large platter . 	Sprinkle with cheese . 	Serve with any KRAFT Dressing ,  if desired . 	Try serving with crunchy bread sticks . 	Tip ! 	Great Substitute :  Substitute 8 slices OSCAR MAYER Center Cut Bacon ,  crisply cooked ,  crumbled ,  for bacon pieces .
Brown meat in large ,  deep skillet . 	Drain meat and add onions and garlic and cook until tender . 	Add pasta ,  water and spaghetti_sauce . 	Bring to boil then cover and reduce heat to low . 	Simmer for 12 minutes ,  stirring occasionally . 	Add mushrooms and zucchini ,  cook for 5 minutes . 	Add both types of cheese and cook for 2 minutes . 	Enjoy .
Saute green_onions ,  celery and mushrooms in butter ,  set aside . 	Start white_sauce : 	Melt butter in heavy saucepan . 	Blend in flour ,  stirring constantly until smooth . 	Remove from heat and add milk a little at a time . 	Season to taste and cook on low heat until thick and bubbly . 	Add White sauce ,  crabmeat ,  salt_and_pepper . 	Place in greased baking dish and top with cheese . 	Bake at 350 for 20-25 minutes . 	Serve with salad and bread for a quick easy and TASTY dinner ! 	Can be served with a sliced small baguette or other bread as an appetizer !
Wash and dry strawberries leaving top on . 	Melt chocoate in a double broiler . 	Dip strawberries holding top and cover as much as possible . 	Dry on wax papaer lined cookie sheet ,  when almost dry ,  take piece . 	of dental floss and run through top to look like carrot -- dry completely .
Cook the spaghetti and drain . 	Combine the garlic ,  shrimp and mushrooms and cook slowly for 5 min in a saute/fry pan ,  tossing lightly . 	Add in the spaghetti to the shrimp mix . 	Add in the cheese ,  salt ,  white_wine and lemon_juice . 	Stir till done . 	Serve immediately .
Wet the stain with some of the lime juice . 	Sprinkle liberally with salt . 	Add enough more lime juice to make the salt into a paste . 	Leave it sit for several hours or overnight . 	Rub and rinse . 	Is the stain gone ?  . 	If it's not ,  try repeating . 	You can add a bit of flour if the stain is on a vertical surface to make it stick . 	Works well on rust and other stains .
Reduce cream by 1/4  ( over medium-low heat ,  stirring frequently so it doesn't burn ) 	Add remaining ingredients except for cornstarch . 	Bring to gentle boil and thicken to desired consistency . 	Salt and white_pepper to taste .
Toss spinach ,  oranges ,  onion ,  raisins ,  almonds and cheese in large bowl . 	Add dressing ;  mix lightly .
Line a 9x13 pan with foil ,  leaving an overhang around the edges . 	Spray the foil . 	Prepare the crust :  Cream the butter and sugar until light . 	Combine the flour and salt . 	Add to the butter mixture until just mixed . 	Dump onto a well-floured board and gather into a ball . 	Flatten the dough and press it into the prepared pan ,  covering the bottom and a 1/2-inch edge on all sides . 	Chill for 30 minutes . 	Preheat oven to 350F Bake the crust for 15-20 minutes ,  until very lightly browned . 	Allow to cool on a wire rack ,  leaving the oven on . 	Prepare the filling :  Whisk together the eggs ,  sugar ,  zests ,  juice ,  and flour . 	Pour into the crust and bake for 20-25 minutes ,  until the filling is set . 	Let cool to room temperature .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	Lightly grease 12 muffin cups . 	In a large bowl ,  cream together butter and sugar . 	Beat in eggs one at a time then stir in the milk ,  yogurt and vanilla . 	Blend in the flour ,  then fold in the chocolate chips . 	Scoop batter into the prepared muffin cups . 	Bake in prepared oven for 15 to 20 minutes . 	Move to a wire rack to cool .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F . 	Cut turkey tenderloin into 6 even pieces . 	In a shallow bowl combine Grape Nuts cereal ,  Parmesan or Romano cheese ,  Italian seasoning ,  and ground_red_pepper . 	In another shallow bowl slightly beat together egg_white and water . 	Dip tenderloin pieces in egg_white mixture ,  then coat with cereal mixture . 	Place turkey in a lightly greased baking pan . 	Bake for 12 to 15 minutes until turkey is no longer pink ,  turning once . 	Meanwhile ,  prepare pasta according to package directions . 	During the last 2 minutes of cooking pasta ,  add zucchini or summer squash to pasta . 	Drain pasta mixture ;  set aside . 	Keep warm . 	In a small saucepan heat pasta sauce . 	To serve ,  arrange pasta and squash on dinner plates . 	Top with turkey and sauce .
Preheat oven to 180C /350F and line a baking tray with baking paper . 	Peel and cut the kumera into 2 . 5cm /1 inch chunks . 	Place the pumpkin in a large bowl or plastic bag . 	Add the oil and toss to coat . 	Transfer the kumera chunks to the baking tray and sprinkle all sides with the sweet_smoked_paprika . 	Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper . 	Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until golden and tender .
Season chicken with seasoning	Dip chicken in eggs	Flour chicken	Fry in lard until done
In a medium bowl ,  combine apple sauce ,  eggs ,  oil ,  nuts and raisins . 	Stir in Carnation Basic Muffin Mix until just moistened . 	Spoon batter equally into 12 greased or paper lined muffiin cups . 	Bake in 350F oven for 20-25 minutes until muffins spring back when lightly touched . 	Cool slightly ;  remove from muffin cups .
Heat the oven to 350 degrees F . 	Brush 1 teaspoon olive_oil on the bottom of an 8 by 8-inch baking dish . 	Arrange the slices of zucchini in the dish with an overlapping pattern in rows or a spiral in a pie dish . 	Sprinkle with salt ,  pepper and paprika . 	To make the topping :  In a bowl ,  stir together the panko_breadcrumbs ,  thyme ,  Parmesan cheese and season with a sprinkle of salt and a few grinds of pepper . 	Add 1 tablespoon olive_oil and stir until all the breadcrumbs are soaked with the yellow tint of the oil . 	Sprinkle the topping evenly over the dish and bake until the top is golden brown ,  30 to 35 minutes .
Cook macaroni according to directions on package ,  set aside . 	Brown grnd meat ,  add in onion ,  green_pepper to meat . 	Cover and cook slowly till onion and pepper are wilted . 	Add in garlic_salt ,  salt and black_pepper to taste . 	Add in sugar and tomato sauce and cook covered for about 30 min . 	Mix with cooked macaroni . 	About 6 servings .
Grease 12 2 1/2-inch muffin cups . 	Heat oven to 400 degrees F . 	Sift Flour ,  baking_powder ,  sugar and salt into a medium-sized bowl . 	Stir to mix well . 	In a small bowl ,  beat egg with a fork . 	Add milk and oil . 	Add all at once to dry ingredients . 	Stir mixture only until dry ingredients are moistened . 	Batter will be lumpy . 	Drop batter from a tablespoon into prepared muffins pans ,  filling each cup half to two-thirds full . 	Bake 15 to 20 minutes ,  or until golden brown . 	Remove from pan and serve hot with butter ,  jam or marmalade . 	VARIATIONS : 	GINGER MUFFINS :  Add 1/2 Cup finely diced candied ginger to flour mixture before adding liquid . 	BANANA PECAN MUFFINS :  Prepare muffin batter but use only 1/2 cup milk . 	Add 1/2 cup chopped pecans and 1/4 t ground nutmeg to sifted flour . 	Add 1 cup mashed ,  peeled banana with the egg ,  milk and oil . 	BLUEBERRY MUFFINS :  Toss 1 cup washed and well-drained fresh or frozen blueberries with sifted flour mixture before adding liquid . 	ORANGE MUFFINS :  Cut 2 peeled navel oranges into sections . 	When batter is in the cups ,  place an orange section on top of each and sprinkle lightly with granulated_sugar . 	CHEESE MUFFINS :  Fold 1/2 cup grated sharp yellow cheese into muffin mix with the last few strokes on batter . 	Serve hot with scrambled eggs and bacon for a special breakfast . 	SURPRISE MUFFINS :  Fill muffin cups 1/3rd full of batter . 	Drop 1/2 t of your favorite jelly in center of batter . 	Add batter to fill cup 2/3rds full . 	Kids just love these as you will . 	COCONUT MUFFINS :  Add 1 c Shredded coconut with the last few strokes of mixing . 	For a snack have coconut muffins ,  butter and milk . 	CHIVE MUFFINS :  Fold 1/4 cup chives into the batter during the last few strokes and serve at dinner . 	Great with a steak and salad .
Cook first 8 ingredients in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat ,  stirring often ,  10 minutes or until vegetables are tender . 	Drain on paper towels ;  cool . 	Stir together ground_beef and next 4 ingredients in a large bowl ;  stir in sausage mixture . 	Shape meat mixture into an 11 1/2- x 4-inch loaf ;  place in a lightly greased aluminum foil-lined 15- x 10-inch jellyroll pan . 	Bake at 375 for 50 minutes or until meat mixture is no longer pink in center ;  drain meat loaf ,  and let stand 10 minutes . 	Serve with Tomato Gravy . 	Directions for Tomato Gravy :  . 	Melt butter in a small saucepan ;  whisk in flour ,  and cook ,  whisking constantly ,  1 minute . 	Gradually whisk in broth and tomato_sauce ;  reduce heat ,  and simmer until thickened . 	Whisk in salt and pepper .
Mix wet ingredients together . 	Add to muffin mix . 	Pour into a 22cm greased pan and bake at 180C for 25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the centre comes out clean .
Pour a little of the oil from the artichokes into skillet , turn heat to med-high . 	Add onion and garlic and cook til onion is transluscent . 	Add stewed tomatoes and marinated . 	artichokes  ( with liquid )  . 	Bring to boil ,  add pasta . 	Reduce heat and simmer 8-10 minutes or til pasta is tender .
Heat oven to 350F . 	Grease and flour three 9-inch round pans . 	Beat cake mix ,  dry pudding mix ,  water ,  eggs and oil in large bowl with mixer until blended . 	Stir in coconut and nuts . 	Pour into prepared pans . 	Bake 35 min . 	or until toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean . 	 ( Do not underbake .  ) 	Cool 15 min . 	Remove from pans to wire racks ;  cool completely . 	Fill and frost as desired . 	 ( Nutrition information is for unfrosted cake .  )
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F . 	On a foil lined jelly roll pan ,  or another pan with a lip ,  lay out saltines end to end . 	Melt together butter and brown_sugar . 	Boil for 3 minutes without stirring . 	Pour melted mixture over crackers . 	Bake for 7 minutes . 	Sprinkle chocolate over crackers while still hot ,  spreading chocolate as it melts . 	Top with your choice of toppings ,  nuts ,  coconut ,  candies ,  etc . 	Allow to cool completely before breaking into squares .
Prepare brownie recipe ,  adding the 1/2 teaspoon baking_powder to the dry ingredients . 	Pour into prepared 9X13 pan . 	Bake per recipe or package directions but remove from oven with about 5 minutes remaining on bake time ;  so ,  slightly underdone but firm on top and sides . 	Meanwhile prepare the peanut_butter cookie dough . 	Cream butter ,  peanut_butter and sugars . 	Add vanilla ,  honey and milk . 	Add dry ingredients ,  starting with 2 1/2 cups of flour ,  adding more only if needed to create a dough that you can work with your hands ,  but not as stiff as a rollout cookie dough . 	Spread cookie dough over warm brownies ,  spreading to the edge . 	Sprinkle with chips and return to oven for about 10 more minutes till cookie dough edges are browning and chips are melting . 	Cool completely before cutting . 	Note :  I spread the cookie dough layer by picking up about 1/4 of the dough ,  flattening it between my palms ,  and laying it over a portion of the brownies in the pan . 	Then ,  I just do the same with the rest until covered . 	You can carefully use your fingers to seal any edges or breaks in the dough to look like a top pie crust .
Cook macaroni ,  prepare all veggies ,  and dice the eggs . 	Drain macaroni and run cold water over it to bring it to room temperature . 	Add all ingredients into very large bowl and mix  ( we use our clean hands for this )  . 	Refrigerate until thoroughly chilled . 	Best when made a day in advance ,  to let the flavors mingle . 	If using canned shrimp ,  they will break up and be very fine . 	This means no one knows there's shrimp in it unless you tell them ,  so this can be your  " secret ingredient "  . 	 ;  )  . 	Larger shrimp can be used ,  this is just what mom always made it with .
Mix all ingredients well ;  form into a loaf in a greased baking dish . 	Bake about 1 hour at 350 degrees .
Wash the potatoes under cold running water . 	Peel off the skin and discard it . 	Thinly slice the potatoes 1/8-inch thick . 	Place the slices in a bowl of ice water and set aside for 30 minutes . 	Drain and dry thoroughly with paper towels . 	Pour the oil into a deep fryer . 	Heat the oil to 360 . 	Place about 1 cup of the potatoes into the oil and stir lightly . 	Cook until the potatoes become crisp golden brown . 	Remove the potatoes and drain on paper towles . 	Repeat with the remaining potatoes . 	Sprinkle lightly with salt . 	Place on a serving place and serve hot .
1 . 	Heat oven to 350F . 	2 . 	Grease and flour 13x9x3-inch pan ,  3 8-inch round pans or 2 9-inch round pans . 	3 . 	Beat all ingredients except fudge frosting in a large bowl on low speed for 30 seconds ,  scraping bowl constantly . 	Beat on high speed for 3 minutes ,  scraping bowl constantly . 	Pour into pan ( s )  . 	4 . 	Bake for 40-45 minutes  ( rectangle pan )  or 30-35 minutes  ( round pans )  ,  or until wooden pick comes out clean . 	Cool rounds 10 minutes ;  remove frompans . 	Cool completely . 	Frost . 	Frosting :  Mix all ingredients except vanilla in a 2-1/2 quart saucepan . 	Heat to a rolling boil ,  stirring occasionally . 	Boil 1 minute without stirring . 	Place saucepan in a bowl of ice and water . 	Beat until frosting is smooth and of spreading consistency ;  add vanilla .
PLACE peaches in small microwavable bowl . 	Top with remaining ingredients . 	MICROWAVE on HIGH 30 seconds . 	Cool slightly . 	DIVIDE evenly among 4 small dessert plates and enjoy for your snack .
Drain tofu and mash well with fork . 	Combine tofu with mayonnaise and spices . 	Blend well ;  then mix in diced vegetables . 	Serve on a bed of crisp greens or use as a sandwich spread .
Preparation :  . 	Prepare the filet by completely removing all fat and white filaments from the meat . 	Emance  ( slice )  the filet very finely both ways . 	Clean all of the herbs by immersing in a large amount of water . 	Once clean ,  thoroughly dry ,  and separate and mix the herb leaves for the coulis ,  salad and seasoning for the tartare ,  reserve covered with damp paper towels until needed . 	Peel the mushrooms and slice the mushrooms emance  ( slice )  ,  reserve . 	Prepare the filet by mixing well the filet_of_beef ,  onions ,  garlic ,  watercress ,  parsley ,  cilantro ,  salt ,  ground pepper ,  extra_virgin_olive_oil to taste , Tabasco and Worcestershire_sauce . 	Divide mixture in 4 and place in separate 2 1/2 metallic forms about 2 1/2 high ,  compressing well and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes . 	For the coulis :  . 	Saute the mushrooms ,  garlic over a hot fire with a little olive oil . 	Blanch the watercress and parsley ,  after several minutes ,  remove to iced water to stop the cooking and preserve the rich color . 	Thoroughly dry the blanched herbs and add ,  together with the sauteed mushrooms ,  garlic ,  salt and pepper ,  to a mixer and blend adding olive oil to the desired consistency . 	Correct the seasoning and pass through a chinois  ( strainer )  . 	Reserve . 	To assemble :  . 	Prepare the vinaigrette ,  by mixing the olive oil and vinegar and lightly tossing with the herb salad . 	Add salt and pepper to taste . 	Set a non-stick saute pan over high heat and quickly saute  ( 10 seconds )  the meat after removing from the metallic forms to lightly color ,  turn and color the tops  ( 10 seconds )  ,  insuring that the middle is raw . 	Set a ladle of the coulis in the middle of each plate . 	Top the coulis with a portion of the tartare adding the herb salad on the tartare . 	Sprinkle a pinch of the fleur de sel . 	Decorate the plate as desired and serve . 	You can also prepare the recipe as per the above but omit sauteing the tartare .
spray 2 9x5 loaf pans and set aside . 	Start oven at 325 . 	Mix together :  . 	eggs , sugar , oil , zucchini and vanilla . 	Add all the dry ingredients mixing well . 	Mix in the nuts . 	Divide batter evenly between the two pans . 	Bake at 325 for 60 minutes . 	The 2 loaves make 20 servings . serve .
Bring water to a boil in small saucepan . 	Add dried mushrooms ,  remove from heat and let stand 20 minute . 	Drain mushrooms ,  coarsley chop and set aside . 	Meanwhile ,  whisk broth ,  soy sauce ,  vinegar ,  cornstarch ,  and fish_sauce in small bowl . 	Set aside . 	Heat oil over high heat in large nonstick skillet . 	Add the chicken . 	Saute until lightly browned ,  transfer to a plate . 	Return skillet to heat ,  add scallions ,  ginger ,  and garlic . 	Saute about 1 minute . 	Add mushrooms ,  chicken ,  snap peas ,  and broth mixture ;  bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat and simmer ,  stirring constantly ,  until heated through and sauce has thickened ,  about 2 minute . 	Stir in cilantro . 	Serve with rice . 	7 points for 1-1/4 cups chicken mixture and 1/2 cup rice .
Preheat oven to 450 degrees . 	Toss potatoes with olive oil ,  rosemary ,  1 tsp kosher_salt and pepper . 	Roast potatoes on a jellyroll pan at 450 for 20 minutes until golden and crispy . 	While potatoes are roasting ,  melt butter in small saucepan or pot . 	Add flour to melted butter ,  stirring to make roux . 	A little at a time ,  stir in milk . 	Heat on medium until sauce thickens . 	Remove from heat ;  add parmesan and Durkees or mustard . 	Whisk eggs in bowl and add small amount of heated milk mixture to temper . 	Slowly combine tempered eggs and remaining milk mixture and whisk until smooth . 	Season well with 1 tsp kosher_salt and black_pepper . 	Spray loaf pan with cooking_spray and place roasted potatoes in the bottom of the pan . 	Top with mozzarella and ricotta_cheese . 	Pour eggs over potatoes but do not overfill . 	Bake at 375 for 25-35 minutes until puffed and lightly browned . 	Eggs will fall once removed from oven . 	NOTE :  The cafe also serves a version with bacon or with just cheese  ( no potatoes in either )  ,  so feel free to experiment with extra ingredients . 	I think that this would be great with mushrooms too .
Preheat oven to 350 . 	Mix the filling ingredient in a small bowl . 	In an 8x10  ( or other size )  pan ,  place one quarter of the kataifi in a layer and brush with butter . Add a layer of filling . 	Layer of kataifi ,  brush with butter layer of filling . 	Layer of kataifi ,  brush with butter layer of filling . 	Top with the remaining kataifi and brush with butter . 	Bake 45-60 minutes until the top is golden ,  . 	Place all the syrup ingredients in a small pot ,  Heat until sugar dissolves . 	Take off heat and allow to cool . 	Remove from oven and pout syrup ,  evenly ,  over the top . 	Cover with a clean towel and let it cool for 3-4 hours so it can absorb the syrup . 	These are very rich ,  serve small pieces .
1 . 	Fill a medium-sized pot with salted water . 	Bring it to boil on the stovetop . 	2 . 	Add the golden_beets to the boiling water and cook them for about 15 minutes or until fork tender . 	Drain the beets and let them cool . 	3 . 	Peel the beets and slice them very thinly . 	4 . 	While the beets are cooking ,  cut off the top and bottom of the citrus fruit and then cut the peel off of the sides . 	5 . 	Cut the segments out of the citrus fruit and set the segments aside . 	6 . 	On a large platter ,  lay out the beet rounds . 	Sprinkle them lightly with salt . 	7 . 	Then put the citrus segments over the beets . 	8 . 	Into a small bowl add the grapefruit_juice ,  the oil and the mint along with a sprinkle of salt . 	Whisk the dressing together and spoon over the beets and citrus wedges . 	9 . 	Serve at room temperature or chilled !
Fold in 9 x 13 inch pan butter with Ritz_crackers . 	Spread 1/2 of mix on bottom . 	Save 1/2 for top . 	Mix pudding with lowfat milk . 	Beat 2 min . 	Add in ice_cream to pudding and spread on crumbs . 	Spread Cold Whip on top . 	Finish with remaining crumbs . 	Chill overnight . 	Any kind of nut ice_cream may be used .
Season the meat lightly with salt and pepper . 	In a hot ,  medium size stock pot coated lightly with oil ,  brown the meat on all sides then set aside . 	In the same pot ,  add a little bit more oil and caramelize the onions ,  garlic and ginger ,  about 3 to 4 minutes . 	Add the carrots ,  celery ,  celeriac ,  potatoes and parsnips . 	Saute for 4 to 5 minutes . 	Deglaze with wine and reduce by 50 percent . 	Add the soy ,  sugar ,  seared meat teabags and water to cover . 	Check for seasoning . 	 ( The flavor of the braising liquid will be the flavor of the final product . 	Make sure it is right on !  ) 	Bring pot to a boil and lower heat to a simmer . 	Simmer for about 2 to 2 1/2 hours or until is extremely tender but not falling apart . 	In a large pasta bowl ,  ladle in stew ,  and enjoy . 	Wine Suggestion :  Honig Cabernet Sauvignon 1997
Combine 1/2 cup each Grey Poupon Country Dijon Mustard and sour_cream .
Line two baking sheets with waxed paper . 	Bring water to a boil in the bottom of a double boiler and remove from heat . 	Put the sugar ,  egg ,  egg_yolk ,  vanilla and lemon_rind in the top of the double boiler and place it over the water ,  making sure the bottom of the insert does not touch the water . 	Beat with an electric mixer for 5-10 minutes ,  or until the mixture becomes thick and mousse-like and leaves a trail as it falls from the beaters . 	Remove the insert from the water and continue to beat for 5 minutes ,  or until the mixture is cold . 	Sift the flour and fold it into the egg mixture . 	Use a metal spoon or plastic spatula and fold until the flour is only just combined . 	Spoon the mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a 3/4 -inch plain nozzle and pipe rounded mounds of the mixture about 1-inch in diameter and spaced well apart onto the baking sheets . 	Sprinkle with the extra sugar . 	Leave the mixture to dry on the baking sheets for 4-5 hours at room temperature ,  Preheat oven to 300F . 	Bake for 20 minutes ,  or until golden brown and firm to the touch ,  Transfer the cookies to a wire rack to cool . 	Chef's Tip :  For a variation ,  you could sandwich two cookies together with a little jam - m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m good !
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F  ( 165 degrees C )  . 	Grease a 9x13 inch baking pan . 	In a large bowl ,  cream together the butter ,  white_sugar and brown_sugar until smooth . 	Beat in the egg ,  1/3 cup peanut_butter and vanilla . 	Combine the flour ,  baking_soda and salt ;  stir into the peanut_butter mixture . 	Finally ,  mix in the rolled_oats . 	Spread the dough evenly into the prepared pan . 	Bake for 20 to 25 minutes in the preheated oven ,  or until edges are firm . 	Remove from the oven and sprinkle the chocolate chips in a single layer over the top . 	Let stand for 5 minutes ,  then spread to cover . 	Allow to cool . 	In a small bowl ,  mix together the confectioners'_sugar ,  1/4 cup peanut_butter until smooth . 	Stir in milk one tablespoon at a time until a drizzling consistency is reached . 	Drizzle over bars when cool . 	Cut into bars .
Combine first 3 ingredients in small bowl . 	Gradually whisk in vinegar . 	Let stand 15 minutes . 	Whisk in apple juice concentrate ,  brown mustard ,  rosemary ,  and oil . 	Season marinade to taste with coarse salt and pepper . 	Place lamb ,  boned side up ,  in 15x10x2-inch glass baking dish . 	Sprinkle with salt and pepper . 	Spread 1/3 cup marinade over top to coat . 	Turn over . 	Sprinkle with salt and pepper . 	Spread remaining marinade over lamb . 	Cover dish with plastic wrap ;  chill overnight . 	Spray grill rack with nonstick spray . 	Prepare barbecue  ( medium heat )  . 	Place lamb on grill with marinade still clinging  ( reserve dish with marinade )  . 	Grill 15 minutes . 	Turn lamb over . 	Grill 15 minutes ,  brushing with marinade from reserved dish . 	Turn lamb over again and grill until thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 130F for medium-rare ,  brushing often with any remaining marinade ,  about 5 minutes longer per side . 	Transfer lamb to platter . 	Cover loosely with foil ;  let rest 15 minutes . 	Slice lamb thinly ;  arrange on platter and serve .
Place the chicken breast in a casserole pan and cover with 1/2 cup of lemon_juice and 1/2 cup olive_oil . 	Refrigerate for 1 hour being sure to turn over after 1/2 an hour . 	Set a grill pan over medium heat and brush the grates with an oil soaked rag . 	Season the chicken with the Essence ,  1 1/2 teaspoons of the salt ,  and 1 teaspoon of the white_pepper . 	Place on the grill and cook ,  undisturbed for 4 minutes . 	Turn 90 degrees and cook another 4 minutes . 	Turn the chicken over and cook for 3 1/2 minutes . 	Turn 90 degrees again and cook for a final 3 1/2 minutes . 	Remove the chicken from the grill and allow to cool completely . 	Once cool enough to handle ,  chop the chicken into 1/2-inch pieces and set into a medium-sized bowl . 	In the carafe of a bar blender ,  combine the egg ,  garlic ,  1 tablespoon lemon_juice and mustard . 	Pulse until well incorporated . 	With the blender running ,  slowly drizzle the 1 cup of oil through the feed tube into the carafe to form a mayonnaise . 	Season with 1/2 teaspoon of the salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper . 	Pour the mayonnaise over the chicken and add the celery ,  red_onions ,  celery_leaves ,  parsley ,  tarragon ,  celery_seeds ,  the remaining salt and pepper ,  ginger and cayenne . 	Toss to combine and cover with plastic wrap . 	Place in the refrigerator and store for at least 2 hours ,  and up to 1 day . 	When ready to serve ,  toast the bread and place 2/3 cup of the chicken salad on top of each of the 6 sandwich bottoms and cover with the tops . 	Slice the sandwiches in half diagonally and serve with a light salad . 	Combine all ingredients thoroughly .
Heat the oil in a pan . 	Add the onion and garlic and cook until soft . 	Stir in the tomato_puree ,  sherry ,  water and the cloves and season with salt and black_pepper . 	Bring to the boil ,  cover and simmer gently for 45 minutes ,  adding more water if it becomes too dry . 	Add the mushrooms to the pan ,  then cover and allow to simmer for about 5 minutes . 	Remove from the heat and allow to cool , still covered . 	Chill in the refrigerator overnight . 	Serve the mushrooms cold ,  sprinkled with the chopped fresh_parsley .
Combine first 5 ingredients in a large bowl ,  mix well . 	Shape into 4 patties . 	Grill patties ,  covered over high heat  ( 450-600 ) for 5 minutes . 	Turn patties over ;  gril 2 to 3 minutes or until cooked to diesired degree of doneness . 	Place 1 cheese slice on each patty ;  grill 1 more minutes or until cheese melts . 	Place rolls ,  cut-side down ,  on grill rack ;  cover and grill 1 minute or unit toasted . 	Place 1 patty on bottom half of each roll ;  top with tomato ,  avocado ,  bacon ,  jalpenos ,  if desired and top halves of rolls .
In a medium stainless steel saucepan reduce the wine to 1/4 cup . 	Place the syrup in a blender and add the vinegar ,  mustard ,  and honey and blend until combined . 	With the motor running slowly add the olive_oil and blend until emulsified . 	Season with salt and pepper to taste . 	In a large bowl ,  combine the garlic ,  olive_oil ,  rosemary and lamb and marinate for 4 to 6 hours in the refrigerator . 	Prepare the grill . 	Thread the lamb cubes ,  chorizo and roasted shallots on the skewers and season with salt and pepper to taste . 	Grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side for mediumrare doneness . 	Arrange on platter and drizzle with vinaigrette .
Heat oil in wok over medium-high heat . 	Add chiles ,  and cook 1 to 2 minutes ,  or until fragrant . 	Add mushrooms ,  and cook 7 to 9 minutes ,  or until most moisture has evaporated . 	Stir in carrots ,  and cook 2 minutes . 	Add long_beans ,  and cook 3 to 4 minutes . 	Add bamboo_shoots ,  and stir-fry 3 minutes . 	Stir in soy sauce ,  and cook 1 minute more .
Preheat oven to 425F . 	Combine parmesan ,  oregano ,  parsley ,  rosemary ,  garlic ,   &  pepper . 	Brush chicken with melted margarine  &  dredge in parmesan mixture . 	Bake 20 minutes until cooked through .
In a heavy-gauge saucepan over low heat ,  combine chocolate morsels ,  cream ,  butter and salt ,  stirring until smooth ;  remove from heat . 	Stir in almonds and liqueur ;  cool slightly . 	Serve warm over ice cream . 	Refrigerate . 	Reheating Sauce :  Reheat sauce over low heat ,  stirring until smooth .
For this recipe ,  you will need a cup ,  fork ,  1-cup measure ,  mixing spoon ,  Tablespoon ,  teaspoon ,  9-inch glass pie plate ,  and a knife . 	First you will want to crack your egg into a cup and beat it . 	In your pie plate ,  put 2 cups of bisquick ,  the egg ,  water ,  and 1/3cup sugar ;  stir until mixture is smooth . 	With a knife ,  cut your butter or margarine into small pieces and drop it on to the top of the batter . 	Sprinkle the top with 2 Tablespoons sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon . 	Cook ,  uncovered in your microwave for 10 minutes . 	Allow cake to cool for 10 minutes and serve .
In a large skillet brown the meat ,  onions and garlic . 	Pour out whatever fat you may render . 	Turn heat down to low ;  add tomato_sauce and wine . 	While it simmers ,  chop up the pimento_stuffed_olives and add to meat mixture . 	Add raisins  &  adjust the seasonings . 	Serve on a bed of rice .
Stir milk ,  sugar ,  and cornstarch together in a saucepan ;  stirring continually ,  bring to a boil . 	Add cocoa powder ,  chopped chocolate ,  cinnamon ,  and whiskey to the milk mixture ;  cook and stir until thick ,  about 5 minutes . 	Pour into a casserole or baking dish . 	Refrigerate until cold .
Bring first 4 ingredients to boil in heavy large saucepan over high heat ,  stirring until sugar dissolves . 	Cook until reduced to sauce consistency ,  stirring occasionally ,  about 22 minutes . 	Strain sauce ;  cool . 	 ( Can be prepared up to 2 days ahead . 	Cover and refrigerate .  ) 	Arrange 1 nectarine ,  slices overlapping in circle ,  on each of 6 plates . 	Spoon sauce over ,  garnish with fresh mint_sprigs and serve .
Spray large nonstick saucepan with vegetable oil spray . 	Add onion and garlic ;  cover and cook over medium-low heat until almost tender ,  stirring often ,  about 5 minutes . 	Stir in tomato_paste ,  cumin and chili_powder . 	Add broth and 2 tablespoons cilantro ;  bring to boil . 	Reduce heat ;  cover and simmer until flavors blend ,  about 15 minutes . 	 ( Can be made 1 day ahead . 	Cover ;  chill . 	Bring to simmer before continuing .  ) 	Add tortillas ,  tomatoes ,  beans ,  zucchini and jalapenp to soup . 	Cover ;  simmer until zucchini is tender ,  about 5 minutes . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Ladle soup into bowls . 	Sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons cilantro .
Preheat oven to 325 degrees . 	Place the pecans in a bowl ;  add butter and toss . 	Combine the sugar ,  salt ,  cinnamon ,  cayenne and chili powder ;  sprinkle over pecans and toss to coat . 	Spread in a single layer on a baking sheet . 	Bake for 25 minutes or until golden brown . 	Cool leaving pecans on the pan . 	In a double-boiler  ( or microwave )  combine the semisweet chocolate chips and 1 1/2 tablespoons oil ,  stirring until melted and smooth ;  then immediately drizzle over pecans distributing evenly and making a pattern over the surface of the nuts . 	Repeat the process with the milk chocolate and vanilla chips ,  melting each package with 1 1/2 tablespoons oil . 	When drizzling over the pecans ,  make sure all colors of the chocolate are visible . 	Sprinkle with cherries if desired . 	Let stand until set . 	Break into serving-size pieces . 	Store in an airtight container .
boil macroni add other ingredents
process first 9 ingredients in food processor till smooth . 	mixture will be thick . 	bake at 350 degrees 10- 12 minutes don't overcook . 	prepare frosting and frost .
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F . 	In the bowl of an electric mixer ,  beat egg_whites ,  salt ,  cream_of_tartar ,  vanilla and almond_extracts until soft peaks form . 	Continue mixing and gradually add in sugar . 	Beat until still peaks form . 	Stir in chocolate chips . 	Scoop batter onto a cookie sheet . 	Dot the tops with extra chocolate chips . 	Bake for 2025 minutes . 	Cool completely .
Heat oil in large skillet over medium heat . 	Saute groats and onion over medium-high heat about 7 minutes ,  or until golden . 	Add quinoa and mushrooms ,  and saute 2 minutes . 	Add carrots ,  vegetable_stock and seasonings . 	Reduce heat to medium-low . 	Cook 10 minutes ,  stirring occasionally and checking for liquid . 	Add more stock if too dry . 	Increase heat to medium ,  and cook about 5 minutes more . 	To serve ,  stir in apricots and Gorgonzola cheese .
In a small bowl ,  beat eggs until thick and lemon colored  ( about 5 minutes )  . 	Gradually beat in sugar and vanilla . 	In large bowl ,  combine flour and salt . 	Add chocolate chips ,  dates ,  nuts ,  candied_cherries and fruit ;  mix together . 	Fold in egg mixture . 	Spread in greased and floured 9x5x3-inch loaf pan . 	Bake in a preheated 325 degree  ( 175 C .  )  oven for 1 hour . 	Remove from oven ,  cool 10 minutes and invert . 	When cool ,  pierce top with 1 1/2-inch deep holes ,  using a toothpick . 	Slowly pour brandy over top . 	Wrap tightly in aluminum foil . 	Store at room temperature overnight . 	Drizzle with confectioners' sugar frosting ,  if desired .
Frittata :  Cook pasta as directed on package ;  drain . 	Rinse ,  then drain again ;  set aside . 	Meanwhile ,  blend eggs ,  cream_cheese and milk ,  in trial-size batches ,  in blender until well blended ;  pour into large bowl . 	Stir in vegetables and 1/2 of the combined cheeses . 	Heat 4 well-oiled 12-inch saute pans on high heat . 	 ( Or ,  heat 1 pan for trial recipe .  ) 	Reduce heat to medium-high . 	Add 4 cups  ( 1 L )  pasta to each pan ;  cook ,  without stirring ,  2 to 3 min . 	or until pasta is slightly crisp but not browned on bottom . 	Top each with about 1-1/2 cups of the vegetable mixture ;  cook 3 to 4 min . 	or until egg mixture begins to set around edge . 	Bake in 350 degrees F-convection oven 25 min . 	 ;  cover with foil . 	Bake 18 to 20 min . 	or until knife inserted in centres comes out clean . 	Sprinkle with remaining cheese mixture . 	Bake 1 to 2 min . 	or until cheeses are melted . 	Remove from oven . 	Let stand 10 min . 	before cutting each into 12 wedges to serve . 	Salad :  Toss greens with all remaining ingredients except dressing . 	For each serving :  Toss 1 cup  ( 250 mL )  Salad with 2 tsp . 	 ( 10 mL )  dressing . 	Serve plated with 1 Frittata wedge .
Saute the onion in the oil over moderate heat for 2 to 3 minutes ,  stiring occasionally . 	Stir in the rice and cook for 1 minute . 	Pour in the stock ,  cover and bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat and simmer for 40 minutes . 	While the rice is cooking ,  mix together the tofu strips ,  water_chestnuts ,  raisins ,  tamari ,  orange rind and juice . 	Add the cinnamon and parsley . 	Set aside . 	When the rice has cooked ,  stir in the tofu mixture and gently heat through . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Serve hot garnished with the nuts .
Place the sugar and water in a saucepan and heat ,  stirring until the sugar dissolves . 	Add the figs ,  vinegar and Kahlua . 	Cover and cook ,  simmering on low for 30 minutes or until it reaches a thick jammy consistency . 	It will thicken more when it cools . 	Let cool and refrigerate until ready to use . 	Spread on baguettes or crackers over your favourite cheese . 	I love a melty Brie to accompany this .
To prepare crust ,  combine crumbs ,  margarine ,  and sugar in a mixing bowl . 	Press mixture firmly in a 9 inch pie pan . 	Pour jello into a bowl . 	Add boiling_water . 	Stir until disolved ,  about 2 minutes . 	Add ice cream to jello . 	Stir until ice cream is melted and mix is smooth . 	Place in refrigerator and chill until slightly thick ,  about 10 minutes . 	Remove from refrigerator and pour mix into pie crust . 	Put pie in refrigerator to chill until firm ,  about 2 hours . 	Take pie from refrigerator and make Jack-O-Lantern face on pie with candy_corn and licorice . 	Decorate with whipped_topping if desired .
Pre heat oven 180C . 	Butter 20cm square cake tin . 	Melt butter and choc in saucepan over low heat . 	When melted ans smooth ,  set aside to cool . 	Beat eggs and sugar in large bowl till thick and creamy . 	Stir n cooled chocolate and golden_syrup . 	Then add flour ,  cocoa ,  salt and nuts . 	Pour into tin ,  bake 30 minutes . 	Remove from oven ,  cool in tin then cut into squares .
In a large bowl combine flour ,  baking_powder and baking_soda . 	In a medium bowl whisk together eggs ,  cottage cheese ,  yogurt ,  milk and oil . 	Add wet mixture to dry mixture and stir until well combined . 	Preheat a non-stick griddle or skillet over medium heat . 	Pour 1/4 cup of batter onto griddle for each pancake . 	Cook until bubbles form on the surface  ( about 2 minutes )  . 	Flip pancakes and cook until golden brown on the other side . 	Serve with toppings of your choice .
The correct name for these would be Pizza Puffs .  .  . my son has always called them cupcakes . 	Preheat oven to 375 degrees F . 	In a large bowl combine the flour ,  baking_soda ,  salt and sugar . 	Whisk in the milk ,  egg ,  mozzarella_cheese and Parmesan cheese . 	Let it sit a few minutes while you chop the pepperoni . 	Add in the pepperoni ,  stir until combined . 	Spray your mini cupcake pan well to grease it . 	Add in spoonfuls of mixture . 	It can come up to just below the top of each opening . 	You should have just enough batter to fill 24 mini cups . 	Bake for 18-22 minutes or until puffed and golden . 	Let cool for a few minutes ,  run a butter knife around each one to loosen and serve with some warm pizza_sauce ! 	These are good leftover too ,  store in a plastic bag and reheat for a few minutes in a 350 degree F oven .
Pour jar of alfredo_sauce into the crock pot . 	Add milk to the jar and shake well before adding to sauce in crock pot . 	Drop in garlic cloves ,  butter and pesto ,  do not stir . 	Place frozen chicken on top of alfredo_sauce . 	Cook on low for six hours . 	After six hours ,  remove lid ,  stir and sprinkle cheese over the chicken and cook for one more hour . 	Serve over pasta . 	If serving at a party ,  you may set out crock pot with a ladle for guests to serve themselves .
Place the chicken_cutlets on a clean work surface ,  narrow end facing you . 	Sprinkle with salt and pepper . 	Place one sage leaf crosswise on each of the pieces of chicken . 	Sprinkle each of the pieces of chicken with 1/2 ounce  ( about 2 tablespoons )  of fontina cheese . 	Roll up the chicken and seal with one or two toothpicks . 	Warm the olive_oil and halved garlic_clove in a large ,  heavy skillet over medium-high heat until the garlic is fragrant ,  about 2 minutes . 	Add the chicken . 	Brown the chicken on all sides ,  about 3 minutes per side . 	Remove the chicken from the pan and remove and discard the garlic . 	Add the wine and simmer for 2 minutes while scraping up the brown bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon . 	Meanwhile ,  combine the tomatoes and red_pepper_flakes in a blender and blend until smooth . 	Add the tomato mixture to the reduced wine in the pan . 	Simmer for 5 minutes to let the flavors marry . 	Return the chicken to the pan . 	Simmer the chicken in the tomato sauce for 10 minutes . 	Turn the chicken over and simmer until cooked through ,  5 to 7 minutes . 	Remove the chicken from the pan . 	Season the tomato sauce with salt and pepper . 	Spoon the tomato sauce onto serving plates or a serving platter . 	Slice the chicken into 1-inch rounds . 	Remove the toothpicks . 	Place the chicken over the sauce and serve immediately . 	SERVINGS :  4  ( MAIN )  ;  Calories :  470 ;  Total Fat 20 grams ;  Saturated Fat :  6 grams ;  Protein :  9 grams ;  Total carbohydrates :  9 grams ;  Sugar :  5 grams Fiber :  2 grams ;  Cholesterol :  160 milligrams ;  Sodium :  1 , 333 milligrams
Heat butter in 8 x 8 inch baking dish . 	Mix lowfat milk ,  flour ,  baking pwdr and sugar together . 	Pour on top melted butter ,  but don't stir . 	Put sliced_apples on top of batter . 	Sprinkle sugar and cinnamon on top . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 40 min . 	Dough will rise . 	Don't overbake .
Preheat the oven to 180F  ( 80C )  . 	Mix the cider with the horseradish and salt . 	Wrap the veal breast in a single layer of cheesecloth . 	Put the veal ,  bone side up ,  in a pan large enough to hold the meat and the cider mixture . 	Pour the cider mixture over the veal and cover the pan with foil . 	Place in the oven and cook for 19 hours . 	When the breast is fork-tender ,  remove the pan from the oven ,  remove the foil ,  and allow the veal to cool in the liquid for 1 hour . 	Put on a pair of disposable rubber gloves . 	Lift the veal out of the liquid and unwrap it . 	The meat will still be warm and pliable . 	Remove any bones and cartilage from the meat . 	Unfold the veal and carefully clean up the meat ,  pulling out the rubbery connective tissue . 	Put the cleaned meat back into a rectangle shape and wrap it in plastic . 	Refrigerate the meat until youre ready to use it . 	Preheat the oven to 180F  ( 80C )  . 	Strain the veal braising liquid into a small saucepan and discard the fat . 	Warm the liquid over medium-low heat . 	Cut the breast into slices . 	Arrange the sliced veal in an ovenproof serving dish and pour the warm braising liquid over it . 	Place the veal in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes ,  basting the veal occasionally with the sauce ,  until it is warmed through . 	Serve immediately .
Mix together . 	Knead 10 minute . 	put in oiled bowl and cover with damp towel 90 minute . 	Punch down and break into 8 pieces . 	Cover and let sit 10 minute . 	flatten	bake at 400 for 3 minute . 	for more crispy bake extra 3 minute .
Bring water to a boil in a medium saucepan . 	Add rice . 	When water boils again ,  reduce heat to low ,  cover ,  and simmer 45 minutes ,  until rice is tender and most of the water has been absorbed . 	Remove from heat and let stand covered ,  5 minutes . 	Then spoon rice into a large bowl . 	Add raisins ,  apricots ,  bell pepper ,  onion ,  and pine_nuts . 	Toss to combine . 	In a small bowl or custard cup ,  combine remaining ingredients . 	Add to rice and mix well . 	Serve right away  ( Leftovers can be served cold )  .
Pour the ginger_ale and strawberry soda into a punch bowl . 	Scoop the lemon_sherbet into the punch bowl ,  and stir in the sliced strawberries .
Preheat oven to 400F . 	Place potatoes ,  leeks ,  carrots ,  thyme ,  and butter  ( if using )  in center of a 24-inch-long piece of parchment . 	Season with salt_and_pepper . 	Fold into a twist or envelope shape  ( page 19 )  . 	Place packet on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until packet is puffed up and potatoes are tender ,  25 to 30 minutes . 	Per Serving  ( without butter ) 	Calories :  117	Fat :  0 . 4g  ( 0 . 1g Saturated Fat ) 	Protein :  3g	Carbohydrates :  26 . 8g	Fiber :  4 . 3g
Chop strawberries  ( I used my mini food processor )  . 	Mix all wet ingredients together . 	Add the dry and mix until combined . 	The mixture will be slightly wet . 	Drop by large spoonful onto parchment lined cookie sheet . 	Bake at 350 for approx 12 minutes . 	 *  If you like a sweeter cookie ,  or use plain Greek_yogurt ,  you could add more sugar . 	The texture of this cookie is soft ,  and muffin-like .
Preheat oven to 375F	Pie filling :  In a small bowl ,  combine the sugars ,  flour and spices ;  set aside . 	In a large bowl ,  toss apples with lemon_juice and apple_juice . 	Add sugar mixture ;  toss to coat . 	Topping :  combine the dry ingredients . 	Then add the butter ,  use your hands to mix it until it resembles a sand-like texture . 	Crust :  mix the cream cheese ,  sugar ,  and cinnamon until creamy . 	Then use a spatula to spread it onto your pie_crust . 	Cover the entire pie ,  even the walls . 	Fill the pie_crust with the apples . 	Cover the pie with the topping until no apple pieces show . 	Baked covered with aluminum foil for 20 minutes . 	Then remove the cover and bake for an additional 20-25 minutes ,  or until crust is golden brown and filling is bubbly .
Bake the Tater Tots as the label directs . 	Transfer to a bowl ;  add the parmesan ,  season with salt and pepper and toss . 	Set aside . 	Meanwhile ,  bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil . 	Add the green_beans and cook until tender ,  about 5 minutes . 	Drain and transfer to a medium bowl ;  toss with 1 tablespoon butter ,  the lemon zest ,  and salt and pepper to taste . 	Cover to keep warm . 	Heat the olive_oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat . 	Season the pork chops with salt and pepper ;  add to the skillet and cook until browned ,  about 4 minutes per side . 	Transfer to a plate and let rest . 	Add the garlic to the skillet and cook until lightly browned ,  about 30 seconds . 	Add the lemon juice and chicken broth ;  cook until reduced by half ,  about 3 minutes . 	Swirl in the remaining 3 tablespoons butter . 	Spoon the pan sauce over the pork chops and serve with the Tater Tots and green_beans . 	Photograph by Antonis Achilleos
Whisk lime juice ,  oil ,  sugar ,  salt and hot_pepper_sauce together in a large bowl . 	Trim peel and pith from oranges . 	Cut in half lengthwise ,  then slice into thin half moons . 	Add orange slices and remaining ingredients to dressing . 	Toss to coat . 	Season to taste with salt and pepper . 	Cover ,  and chill 1 hour or overnight . 	Serve on a bed of lettuce ,  garnished with additional orange slices .
Wash and pick over the spinach ,  and steam it until just limp . 	Drain it and chop it . 	Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil ,  and boil the lasagne noodles until soft enough to work with . 	Rinse them under cool water ,  and drain well . 	Spread the bottom of a 9 " x13 "  lasagne pan with several spoonfuls of the tomato_sauce . 	Lay down 3 lasagne noodles over it ,  and cover them with more sauce . 	Sprinkle with one third of the cheese_curds ,  one third of the lentils and one third of the chopped spinach . 	Sprinkle over 1/2 teaspoon each of the basil and oregano . 	Continue layering noodles ,  sauce ,  cheese ,  lentils ,  spinach and seasonings . 	Finish with a layer of noodles ,  covered in sauce ,  then sprinkle over the grated cheeses ,  and the last of the basil and oregano . 	Bake at 350F for 30 to 45 minutes .
Cut zucchini into sticks around a fingers length	Cut mozzarella into similar sticks	Add enough Parma ham to seal in the mozzarella without the Parma ham getting to thick use toothpicks to hold together if needed	Place on a lined cooking tray and bake for 15-20 minutes at 180C/350F until cooked but the zucchini has a little bite and the Parma ham is crispy	Great party food /finger foods
Place both sausages types in a greased Dutch oven or heavy 5 quart saucepan . 	Cook over moderately high heat until browned on all sides . 	Remove from pan . 	Add enough olive oil to drippings from sausage to make about 4 Tbsp ,  add onions ,  garlic ,  and green beans ,  and cook over moderate heat ,  stirring frequently ,  until onions are transparent and garlic is just beginning to brown . 	Add basil ,  savory ,  salt ,  pepper ,  beef_broth ,  mushrooms and potatoes ,  and mix well . 	Boil ,  reduce heat ,  and simmer ,  covered ,  for about 20 minutes or until beans and potatoes are done .
Boil liver till tender . 	Grind very fine . 	Add in salt_and_pepper . 	Mix with cooked mush . 	Pack in covered container and chill . 	Serve on crackers .
Place unwrapped hard_candies in a heavy plastic bag ,  then place bag on top of folded towel and crush candies into small chunks with meat mallet or small hammer . 	Make only three or four lollipops at one time . 	Line a baking sheet with foil . 	Place desired cookie_cutters on foil ,  at least 2 inches apart . 	Divide crushed candies evenly among cutters ,  approximately 1-1/2 to 2 tablespoons per lollipop . 	Candy layer should be 1/4 to 1/2 inch thick . 	Add small decorative_candies or edible rose or other flower petals to crushed candies . 	 ( If using flower petals ,  make sure they are covered with a layer of the crushed candy .  ) 	Bake in a 350 degree F oven for 6 to 8 minutes or until candies are completely melted . 	Cool 30 seconds . 	Remove cookie_cutters with tongs ,  allowing melted candy to spread slightly . 	Quickly attach a stick to base of each lollipop ,  twisting the stick to cover lollipop end with melted candy . 	If desired ,  press more small candies or flower petals into hot lollipops . 	Cool . 	Peel foil from lollipops . 	 .
Broil the chicken for about 5 minutes . 	Mix the ingredients for the sauce . 	When the chicken has about 2 minutes or so left to broil ,  brush on the sauce . 	When all cooked through ,  remove from oven and allow to cool . 	Cut up into small pieces . 	Cook the noodles until just tender in salted water . 	Drain and allow to cool completely . 	Mix all the sauce ingredients and stir well . 	Combine the sauce and the cooked ,  cooled noodles well . 	Add the diced onions ,  peas ,  carrots ,  and craisins ,  and the cooled ,  shredded chicken to the noodles . 	Stir all well . 	Allow to chill for at least 20 minutes . 	 ( Although when I made it ,  it didn't take that us that long to start eating it and the chicken was still slightly warm ,  which gave a nice contrast to the cold pasta . 	 )  . 	This may be made up to two days in advance .
Mix the first 4 ingredients . 	Refrigeratetill begins to thicken . 	Do not wait until the Jello solidifies . 	While waiting on the Jello to thicken ,  mix the last four ingredients in the following order :  Mix the soft cream cheese with the marshmallows ;  now mix the Miracle_Whip ;  lastly ,  gently fold in the whipped_cream . 	Once the Jello starts thickening ,  add in and mix thoroughly the marshmallow mix . 	Refrigeratetill hard .
Note :  You will also need 5 strands of kitchen twine . 	Preheat oven to 375 degrees F . 	Make stuffing according to box directions . 	Lay out the turkey cutlets on a clean work surface and pound flat if needed . 	Take a heaping spoonful of the prepared stuffing and put it on top of each piece of turkey . 	Start rolling up one side until completely rolled up . 	Take a piece of bacon and wrap it around the turkey and tie it off with twine to keep it in place . 	Repeat until all the turkey cutlets are rolled up . 	Set them on a rimmed baking tray in an even layer . 	Place in the oven and cook for 30 minutes . 	When there are about 5 minutes left to cook ,  prepare the gravy according to the package directions . 	After removing from oven ,  let them sit for 5 minutes . 	Then cut off the twine and serve topped with gravy .
Heat oven to 375F . 	Place paper baking cups into 12 muffin pan cups or grease cups ;  set aside . 	Combine brown_sugar and butter in bowl . 	Beat at medium speed until mixture is creamy . 	Add sour_cream and eggs ;  continue beating until well mixed . 	Combine flour ,  baking_soda and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon in another bowl . 	Stir flour mixture into sour_cream mixture just until moistened . 	Gently stir in rhubarb . 	Divide batter evenly among prepared muffin pan cups . 	Stir together 1 tablespoon sugar and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon in bowl . 	Sprinkle about 1/4 teaspoon mixture on top of each muffin . 	Bake 25-30 minutes or until lightly browned . 	Let stand 5 minutes in pan ;  remove to cooling rack . 	 * Substitute frozen rhubarb ,  thawed ,  well-drained .
In a small pan ,  combine the rosemary sprigs ,  olive_oil and garlic . 	Heat to a sizzle and turn off . 	 ( about 4 minutes )  . 	Let sit for at least one hour . 	Discard the rosemary . 	Process the oil ,  cheese ,  garlic ,  salt ,  pepper ,  lemon zest and juice . 	Combine the marinade with the beans and chopped parsley in a medium bowl . 	Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least an hour or overnight . 	Bring to room temp before serving . 	Enjoy !
Heat oven to 375F . 	Cook chicken in large nonstick ovenproof skillet on medium heat 4 min . 	on each side or until each breast is lightly browned on both sides . 	Remove from skillet ;  set aside . 	Add oil ,  onions and garlic to skillet ;  cook and stir 2 min . 	Stir in remaining vegetables ,  1 Tbsp . 	parsley ,  rosemary and thyme ;  cook and stir 4 min . 	Top with chicken . 	Bake 15 min . 	or until chicken is done  ( 165 degrees F )  . 	Top with cheese ;  bake 5 min . 	or until melted . 	Serve with bread .
Put all in crock pot and cook on low 6-8 hours ,  or on high 3-4 hours .
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . 	Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente ;  drain . 	Meanwhile ,  heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat . 	Saute garlic until it starts to brown . 	Stir in a handful of grated zucchini ;  cook for 1 minute and then add the rest of the zucchini . 	Cook for 3 minutes . 	Toss pasta with zucchini ,  cheese and yogurt . 	Season with salt_and_pepper . 	Mix well and serve .
Preheat the oven to 350F . 	Generously butter and flour a standard 12-cup muffin pan ,  tapping out excess flour ;  set aside . 	In a small bowl ,  stir together the baking_soda and boiling_water ;  set aside . 	In a medium bowl ,  sift together the flour ,  baking_powder ,  ground_ginger ,  cinnamon ,  cloves ,  nutmeg ,  and salt ;  set aside . 	In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment ,  beat the butter and brown sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy ,  2 to 3 minutes . 	Add the egg ,  and beat until combined . 	Add molasses ,  fresh_ginger ,  and reserved baking_soda mixture ;  beat until combined . 	 ( The batter will look curdled but will come together once the flour is added .  ) 	Add the flour mixture ,  and beat until well combined . 	Divide batter evenly among prepared muffin cups ,  filling each about halfway . 	Bake ,  rotating pan halfway through ,  until a cake tester inserted in the center of a cake comes out clean ,  about 20 minutes . 	Transfer pan to a wire rack to cool for 15 minutes . 	Invert cakes onto rack to cool completely . 	Set rack over a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet . 	Spoon about 1 tablespoon of Chocolate Ganache over each cake ,  letting some drip down the sides . 	Garnish with a couple of strips of crystallized_ginger . 	Once glazed ,  cakes can be refrigerated ,  in airtight containers ,  for up to 3 days ;  bring to room temperature before serving . 	Rich chocolate ganache is spooned over the flat sides of miniature cakes ,  which are inverted after baking in muffin cups . 	Once glazed ,  the cakes are garnished with thin slivers of crystallized_ginger .
Heat oven to 350 degrees F . 	Line 13x9-inch pan with foil ,  with ends of foil extending over sides ;  spray with cooking spray . 	Beat cake mix ,  ginger ,  butter and egg with mixer until blended . 	 ( Dough will be stiff .  ) 	Press 2/3 of the dough onto bottom of prepared pan . 	Bake 10 to 12 min . 	or until lightly browned . 	Meanwhile ,  microwave caramels and milk in microwaveable bowl on HIGH 3 to 3-1/2 min . 	or until caramels are completely melted and sauce is well blended ,  stirring after each minute . 	Drizzle caramel sauce over baked layer in pan . 	Reserve 2 Tbsp . 	chopped chocolate ;  sprinkle remaining over caramel sauce . 	Crumble remaining gingerbread dough over dessert . 	Bake 25 to 30 min . 	or until center is almost set . 	Cool completely . 	Microwave reserved chocolate in microwaveable bowl on HIGH 30 sec . 	to 1 min . 	or until completely melted ,  stirring every 30 sec . 	 ;  drizzle over dessert . 	Let stand until chocolate is firm . 	Use foil handles to lift dessert from pan before cutting into bars .
Combine the apples and dates in an ungreased 13x9x2-inch baking dish . 	In a small bowl ,  combine sugar ,  flour and cinnamon ;  cut in butter until crumbly . 	Add nuts ;  sprinkle over apples . 	Bake at 375F for 35-40 minutes or until the apples are tender . 	Serve warm . 	Garnish with apple slices if desired .
Remove casings from chorizo  ( if any )  and cook thoroughly in large pan . 	Add Rotel's ,  beans ,  and eggs . 	Cook over med-high heat stirring often until eggs are cooked . 	Add cheese ,  cover and let sit over low heat until melted . 	Top as wished or wrap up in a tortilla and ENJOY !
Mix all ingredients together . 	Put in a skillet or pot large enough to hold the mixture if you've multiplied it ,  and cook over moderate heat ,  stirring frequently ,  until the turkey is cooked through . 	Reduce the heat to low and cook until the liquid is gone . 	Serve over rice .
Prepare your Jello mixture  ( according to package instructions )  in advance and allow it to set up in the refrigerator . 	Preheat your oven to 180 C .  Place 6 muffin liners in a muffin tray . 	In a medium-sized bowl sift together the flour and baking_powder and set aside . 	In the bowl of your stand mixer ,  beat the butter and sugar together until pale yellow in colour and totally combined . 	Add the eggs one at a time ,  combining after each addition . 	Add the vanilla_extract and mix until slightly thickened . 	Next slowly fold in the flour mixture until this is just combined ,  dont over mix . 	Fill the muffin liners about 2/3 full ,  dividing the batter equally between the 6 muffin liners . 	Pop these into the oven and bake for 15 minutes ,  or until a toothpick comes out clean when inserted into the centre . 	Remove the pan from the oven . 	Leave the muffins to cool completely ,  removing them from the pan after 10 minutes . 	I left mine overnight resting on the counter ,  covered by a clean dish towel ,  so they went quite firm . 	This makes it easy to scoop out the core . 	To core them take a paring knife and cut out a circular section from the tops . 	Then with a melon baller ,  scoop out the insides ,  leaving enough cake around all sides so the muffins hold their shape . 	Place a raspberry into each hollowed out cake and smoosh it down with the end of a measuring spoon ,  so it is flat against the bottom . 	Then with the melon baller ,  scoop out balls of the the prepared Jello and pop this on top of the raspberry . 	Then fill a piping bag with the custard  ( although you could use a spoon )  and fill the rest of the cake with custard . 	Place the whipped cream into a piping back and pipe a swirl on top of the custard . 	Then garnish with the grated chocolate . 	I left my assembled cupcakes in the fridge for a few hours before I enjoyed them ,  so the filling could settle and meld together slightly .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F  ( 190 degrees C )  . 	Wrap the outside of an 8 inch springform pan with foil . 	Generously butter the inside of pan and sprinkle with graham_cracker_crumbs ,  then shake out excess . 	In a large bowl ,  Beat cream_cheese and sugar on low speed until smooth . 	Beat in heavy_cream ,  sour_cream and half-and-half . 	Add vanilla and beat in the eggs one at a time . 	Pour filling into prepared pan . 	Wrap bottom of the pan on aluminum foil to prevent water from seeping in . 	Place cheesecake in a water bath . 	Bake in the preheated oven for 75 minutes ,  or until filling is set .
Combine broccoli ,  ham ,  cheese and croutons ;  spoon into 13x9-inch baking dish sprayed with cooking spray . 	Beat eggs and milk in medium bowl with whisk until blended . 	Add remaining ingredients ;  mix well . 	Pour over broccoli mixture . 	Refrigerate 1 hour . 	Heat oven to 375F . 	Bake casserole ,  uncovered ,  45 min . 	or until centre is set .
Combine the strawberries ,  sugar and limoncello in a medium bowl and let macerate for 30 minutes ,  stirring occasionally . 	Combine the mascarpone ,  vanilla_bean seeds and heavy_cream in a large bowl and whisk until light and fluffy . 	Divide the cream among 4 bowls or goblets ,  drizzle with some honey ,  top with some of the berries and the juices and sprinkle with pistachios . 	Garnish with mint_sprigs and serve .
Combine first 3 ingredients in a bowl . 	Toss with vinaigrette .
Place bacon in a large ,  deep skillet . 	Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown . 	Drain ,  crumble and set aside . 	Preheat oven to broil . 	In a medium bowl combine the bacon ,  cheese ,  mustard and mayonnaise . 	Stir well . 	Arrange party bread on a cookie sheet . 	Spoon mixture onto each slice of bread . 	Broil for 5 minutes ,  or until bubbly .
Prepare jars ,  lids and bands . 	In a large pot ,  combine peaches ,  blueberries ,  onion ,  ginger , jalapeno ,  garlic ,  brown_sugar ,  salt and vinegar . 	Bring to a boil over medium heat ,  stirring often . 	Reduce heat and boil gently ,  stirring occasionally ,  for about 35 minutes or until onions are translucent and mixture is thickened to a thin jammy consistency . 	Ladle into prepared jars leaving a 1/2 "  headspace . 	Check for air bubbles	and adjust headspace if needed . 	Process jars for 10 minutes in a boiling water bath . 	Adjust time according to your altitude .
Wash and peel potatoes ,  cut in half and run through food processor . 	Peel onions and add to food processor . 	Pour blended potatoes and onions in a mixing bowl ,  add eggs ,  salt ,  pepper ,  and Nutmeg . 	Mix . 	Lay bacon on bottom of roasting pan and pour potatoes on top . 	Cover with lid and bake for 1 . 5 hours at 350F Remove lid ,  poke with a fork holes in the top and pour a 1/2 cup of milk . 	Bake until crisp . 	Serve with apple sauce .
Bring boiling-water canner ,  half full with water ,  to simmer . 	Wash jars and screw bands in hot soapy water ;  rinse with warm water . 	Pour boiling water over flat lids in saucepan off the heat . 	Let stand in hot water until ready to use . 	Drain jars well before filling . 	Chop finely or grind unpeeled and pitted apricots . 	Measure exactly 3 cups prepared fruit into 6- or 8-qt . 	saucepot . 	Add crushed pineapple and lemon juice . 	Stir pectin into prepared fruit in saucepot . 	Add butter to reduce foaming . 	Bring mixture to full rolling boil  ( a boil that doesn't stop bubbling when stirred )  on high heat ,  stirring constantly . 	Stir in sugar . 	Return to a full rolling boil and boil exactly 4 min .  ,  stirring constantly . 	Remove from heat . 	Skim off any foam with metal spoon . 	Ladle immediately into prepared jars ,  filling to within 1/4 inch of tops . 	Wipe jar rims and threads . 	Cover with two-piece lids . 	Screw bands tightly . 	Place jars on elevated rack in canner . 	Lower rack into canner . 	 ( Water must cover jars by 1 to 2 inches . 	Add boiling water if necessary .  ) 	Cover ;  bring water to gentle boil . 	Process 10 min . 	Remove jars and place upright on a towel to cool completely . 	After jars cool ,  check seals by pressing middles of lids with finger . 	 ( If lids spring back ,  lids are not sealed and refrigeration is necessary .  )
Combine 1 cup mint ,  shallots ,  vinegar and sugar in heavy small nonaluminum saucepan . 	Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves . 	Simmer 2 minutes . 	Remove from heat . 	Cover and let stand 2 hours . 	Strain sauce into large glass measuring cup . 	Place cornstarch in same saucepan . 	Gradually whisk is sauce . 	Bring to simmer over medium heat ,  stirring constantly . 	Stir until sauce thickens slightly and turns translucent ,  about 2 minutes . 	Remove from heat . 	Cool to room temperature . 	 ( Can be prepared 1 day ahead . 	Cover and refrigerate . 	Bring to room temperature before continuing .  ) 	Stir in remaining 2 tablespoons mint . 	Season to taste with salt and pepper .
Soak bamboo skewers in hot water for half an hour  ( at least ) 	Add peanut_butter ,  chilli ,  ginger ,  lemon juice and coconut cream to a pan and mix together and heat without boiling	Thread chicken tenderloin onto soaked skewers	Warm a little honey and baste chicken skewers	Place under grill OR cook in griddle pan until browned all over	Cook rice	Place skewers on rice pour hot satay sauce over reserving some sauce to add to a small dish as a dipping sauce
In large skillet ,  cook and stir meat and diced green_pepper till meat is brown and green_pepper is tender . 	Drain off fat . 	Grease baking dish ,  13 x 9 x 2 inches . 	Spread liberal amount of grnd beef  ( sufficient to cover baking dish )  . 	Spread 1/3 of the amount of rice over the meat . 	Spread 1/3 c .  of green beans ,  corn ,  green peas ,  mixed vegetable over the rice . 	Pour 1/3 c .  of tomato soup over vegetables . 	Pour 1/3 c .  cream onion over tomato soup . 	Repeat this process twice ,  making 3 layers . 	Pour the liquid from the vegetables . 	Place bacon strips on top of third layer . 	Cover casserole dish with aluminum foil . 	Cook covered in 350 degrwee oven for 1 hour or possibly till rice is cooked . 	Before serving ,  spread 1 can asparagus over the bacon . 	Makes 10 servings .
Brown meat in medium skillet ;  drain . 	Return meat to skillet . 	Stir in 1/3 cup salsa ;  simmer 10 min .  ,  stirring occasionally . 	Arrange chips in single layer on platter ;  fill with lettuce ,  meat mixture ,  remaining salsa and cheese .
Unroll crescent rolls and press seams together on cookie sheet . 	Bake at 400F for 8-10 mminutes ,  or until light brown in colour . 	Soften cream_cheese in microwave and then mix with sour cream and any spices . 	Spread onto cooled crust . 	Chop/grate veggies and cover top of pizza . 	Cut into bite size pieces and serve .
Prepare Dinner in large saucepan as directed on package ,  adding broccoli to the boiling water for the last 2 min . 	Meanwhile ,  cook and stir chicken in large nonstick skillet on medium heat 5 to 6 min . 	or until done . 	Add Dinner mixture to chicken in skillet ;  stir . 	Top with shredded cheese ;  cover . 	Cook on low heat 2 min . 	or until cheese is melted .
In a large saucepan ,  heat the oil over medium heat . 	Add the turkey_neck ,  tail ,  gizzard ,  and heart and saute until browned on all sides ,  5 to 7 minutes . 	Add the onion ,  carrot ,  celery ,  thyme ,  parsley ,  bay_leaf ,  peppercorns ,  chicken broth ,  and water to the pan . 	Bring to a boil over medium-high heat ,  then reduce the heat to low . 	Skim any brown foam that rises to the top . 	Simmer the stock until it reduces by half ,  about 1 hour . 	Pour the stock through a fine-mesh sieve set over a bowl or 4-cup glass measure . 	Set aside the neck ,  gizzard ,  and heart until cool enough to handle . 	Discard the rest of the solids . 	Let the stock cool completely . 	Skim off any fat that rises to the top . 	Cover and refrigerate until ready to use . 	 ( When youre ready to make gravy ,  skim the fat from the top of the stock again ,  if necessary .  ) 	If making giblet gravy ,  shred the meat from the neck and finely dice the gizzard and heart . 	Cover and refrigerate until you are ready to use . 	 ( Some cooks prefer to make a smooth gravy and add the diced gizzard and heart to their stuffing .  )
In blender ,  pulse melon with lime juice ,  cilantro ,  hot_sauce ,  and salt until pureed . 	Transfer soup to large bowl or pitcher ;  cover and refrigerate 2 hours or until chilled . 	Stir before serving .
Wash shrimp and cut off whiskers . 	Drain . 	Place in pan or wok ,  add all ingredients except sugar and cooking_oil . 	Cook shrimp until not quite cooked on MED HEAT ,  maybe 2-4 minutes depending on your shrimp size . 	Drain shrimp  ( along with garlic )  . 	Set sauce aside ,  and add the sugar . 	Heat cooking_oil and fry shrimp and garlic together on MED LOW HEAT . 	When garlic is lightly browned ,  return the sauce to the pan and finish cooking shrimp . 	[Be sure to not overcook the shrimp-- you can tell if they turn into little O's "  instead of C's] . 	[Note :  If you want a spicy  " adobo "  ,  add 1 tablespoon of hot sauce or 1-2 minced hot peppers of your preference . 	] . 	Put on serving platter and garnish with chopped scallions  ( optional )  . 	Serve with steamed Jasmine rice .
In a mixing bowl ,  cream butter and sugar . 	Add maple_syrup ;  mix well . 	Combine the flour and baking_soda ;  gradually add to the creamed mixture . 	Divide the dough into eight portions ;  Roll each portion into a 9-inch log . 	Place 3-inches apart on ungreased baking sheets . 	Bake at 300F for 25 minutes or until lightly browned . 	Cut into 1-inch slices  ( I use a pizza cutter and go through all on a sheet at once )  . 	Remove to wire racks to cool . 	Dust with confectioners'_sugar .
Cube all potatoes and boil until almost cooked through ,  about 8 minute . 	In the meantime ,  preheat oven to 350F . 	Spray casserole dish with a butter flavored spray . 	Mix together in dish the soup ,  soy_sauce and pepper . 	Stir in green beans and about 2 oz of the onions . 	Drain potatoes and fold into the mixture . 	Bake uncovered for 25 min until bubbling . 	Stir well . 	Cover with another 2 oz of the onions and bake 5 more min until the onions on top are crispy .
Bring water and 2/3 cup sugar to a boil in a small saucepan ,  stirring until sugar has dissolved ,  then simmer 3 minutes . 	Transfer to a bowl and cool completely in an ice bath ,  stirring occasionally ,  about 10 minutes . 	Puree syrup with basil and 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoon lime juice until smooth . 	Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a 3-quart shallow nonreactive container ,  pressing on and then discarding solids . 	Freeze basil-lime syrup ,  stirring and crushing lumps with a fork every 30 minutes ,  until evenly frozen ,  about 2 hours . 	One hour before serving ,  cut melons into small wedges and peel . 	Combine in a large bowl . 	Whisk together remaining 2 tablespoon lime juice and 1 tablespoon sugar and pour over fruit . 	Let macerate ,  tossing occasionally ,  about 15 minutes . 	Scrape granita with a fork ,  crushing any lumps . 	Serve melon in shallow bowls ,  drizzled with melon liquid and topped with granita and mint .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F .  Grease a cookie sheet . 	Using a mixer with the paddle attachment ,  mix together the butter ,  brown_sugar ,  honey ,  egg and water thoroughly . 	Sift together the dry ingredients then stir in the oats . 	Add the dry ingredients to the wet and mix . 	Add any additional ingredients you've chosen . 	Drop by heaping teaspoonfuls onto the cookie sheet . 	Bake 12 to 15 minutes . 	Cool on a wire rack .
In a medium saucepan cook peas ,  covered ,  in a small amount of boiling salted water for 3 minutes . 	Drain and cool . 	Arrange peas ,  green_onions ,  arugula and Swiss chard in rows on a large platter or in a serving bowl . 	In a screw-top jar combine the raspberry_vinegar and salad_oil . 	Cover and shake well . 	Drizzle over salad . 	Store any leftover dressing in the refrigerator .
Cook asparagus in rapidly boiling water till tender ,  about 5 min ,  drain/ Cut roasted peppers into thin strips . 	In small bowl ,  whisk together oil ,  basil ,  mustard and garlic . 	Brush on muffin halves . 	Place on ungreased baking sheet . 	Layer bacon ,  red pepper ,  asparagus and Brie proportionately over muffins . 	 ;  Broil 6 inches from heat till Brie melts ,  about 1 minute Garnish with basil leaves . 	Serve immediately . 	Serves 8	Notes :  Melted Brie and a pungent ,  basil-laced vinaigrette team up with garden- fresh asparagus and Canadian bacon for this brunch alternative . 	S :  8
Mix all in a shaker with ice . 	Pour into a chilled martini glass . 	Enjoy !
Preheat oven to 375F . 	Butter 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish . 	Mix brown sugar ,  oats ,  flour ,  2 teaspoons cinnamon and 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg in processor ,  using on/off turns . 	Add butter and process until chopped into small pieces . 	Add pecans ;  process until moist clumps form . 	Toss apples ,  cranberries ,  1/4 cup sugar ,  1 teaspoon cinnamon and 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg in medium bowl to blend . 	Transfer apple mixture to prepared baking dish . 	Sprinkle topping over . 	Bake until apples are tender ,  filling bubbles and topping is crisp ,  about 55 minutes . 	Serve warm or at room temperature .
Season the chicken liberally with salt and pepper . 	Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large Dutch oven over med-high heat until shimmering but not smoking ,  about 2 minutes . 	Add five chicken_thighs ,  skin side down ,  and cook ,  not moving them until the skin is crisp and well browned ,  about 5 minutes . 	Using tongs ,  flip the chicken and brown on the second side ,  about 5 minutes longer . 	Transfer the browned chicken to a large plate . 	Brown the remaining 5 chicken_thighs ,  transfer them to the plate ,  and set aside . 	Drain the fat from the pan and strain it through a fine-mesh strainer lined with cheesecloth and into a measuring cup . 	The remaining oil should be entirely free of particles . 	Add enough vegetable oil  ( about 1/4 cup )  to equal 1/2 c total fat . 	Heat the chicken fat-vegetable oil mixture in a clean Dutch oven over med-high heat until it registers 200 on an instant-read thermometer ,  about 1 1/2-2 minutes . 	Decrease the heat to medium and gradually stir in the flour with a wooden spoon or spatula ,  working out any lumps that form . 	Continue stirring constantly ,  reaching into the edges of the pan ,  until the mixture has a toasty aroma and is a deep reddish brown ,  about the color of an old copper penny or between the colors of milk chocolate and dark chocolate ,  about 20 minutes  ( the roux will become thinner as it cooks ;  if it begins to smoke ,  remove the pan from the heat and stir the roux constantly to cool slightly )  . 	Add the onions ,  bell pepper ,  celery ,  garlic ,  thyme ,  1 teaspoon salt ,  and 1/4 teaspoon cayenne to the roux and cook ,  stirring frequently ,  until the vegetables soften ,  8-10 minutes . 	Add the chicken broth in a slow ,  steady stream while vigorously stirring . 	Stir in 2 cups water and the bay_leaves and place the browned chicken_thighs in a single layer in the pot . 	Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil . 	Decrease the heat to med-low and skim off any foam that rises to the surface ;  simmer for 30 minutes . 	Stir in the sausage and continue simmering to blend the flavors ,  about 30 minutes longer . 	Off the heat ,  stir in the parsley and scallions and adjust the seasonings with salt ,  pepper ,  and cayenne to taste . 	Serve immediately .
Place the strawberries in a blender and add the mint . 	Whizz to blend . 	Add the watermelon pulp to the blender and whizz again . 	Serve immediately .
Preheat oven to 350F  ( 175C )  . 	Grease and flour a loaf tin . 	Sift together flour ,  ginger ,  cinnamon ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda ;  set aside . 	In a large bowl ,  cream butter and brown_sugar until light and fluffy . 	Beat in eggs and golden_syrup . 	Add flour mixture and water ;  beat until smooth . 	Pour batter into pan . 	Bake for 30- 35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into cake comes out clean . 	Cool in pan on a wire rack for 10 minutes . 	Remove from pan and cool completely .
Snap off tough ends of asparagus . 	Remove scales from stalks with a vegetable peeler ,  if desired . 	Cook asparagus in boiling salted water to cover 6-8 minutes or until crisp-tender ;  drain . 	Rinse with cold water ;  drain well . 	Place asparagus in a large heavy-duty ,  zip-top plastic bag . 	Combine sugar and next 3 ingredients ;  pour over asparagus . 	Seal bag securely ,  and gently turn to coat . 	Marinate in refrigerator for 1 hour ,  turning once . 	Remove asparagus from marinade ,  reserving marinade . 	Place asparagus on a serving platter ,  and drizzle with reserved marinade . 	Sprinkle asparagus with toasted pecans and pepper .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F . 	Melt the unsweetened_chocolate with 1 cup of butter . 	You can do this in a saucepan over low heat . 	Once its melted ,  remove it from the heat and set aside . 	Into a mixing bowl add sugar ,  flour and salt . 	Pour the melted chocolate into the flour mixture and mix to combine . 	Then add the eggs one at a time . 	Fold in pecans . 	Place the mixture into a 9x12 greased baking pan . 	Bake at 350 degrees F for 25 to 30 minutes . 	While the brownie is baking ,  melt 2 squares of chocolate with 1/2 cup of butter in the same saucepan over low heat . 	Once melted ,  add milk and heat until hot . 	 ( Dont let it come to a full boil .  ) 	Remove from heat and add vanilla and powdered_sugar . 	Mix everything together with a mixer . 	Remove brownie from oven and immediately cover it with the marshmallows . 	Then pour the icing over the marshmallows . 	Let cool before cutting . 	Garnish with pecans if you like . 	Makes 12 servings .
Coat a large pot with cooking spray and place over medium-high heat . 	Cook and stir chicken ,  bell peppers and onion until chicken is brown and peppers are just tender . 	Stir in corn ,  beans ,  tomatoes ,  tomato_sauce and water . 	Season with chili_powder ,  parsley ,  garlic_powder ,  cayenne and cumin . 	Reduce heat ,  cover and simmer 30 minutes .
Heat oven to 425F . 	Cut potatoes into 1/4-inch-thick sticks ;  place in large bowl . 	Add remaining ingredients ;  toss to coat . 	Spread into single layer on large rimmed baking sheet sprayed with cooking spray ;  lightly spray with additional cooking spray . 	Bake 22 to 25 min . 	or until potatoes are crisp and golden brown ,  turning after 12 min .
Combine ham ,  pork ,  crumbs ,  Large eggs ,  lowfat milk ,  and peppers . 	Mix well . 	Shape like a ham and score with spoon handle . 	Bake in shallow roasting pan at 350 degrees for 1 hour . 	Garnish with cherry halves pegged with cloves . 	Baste with mustard sauce . 	Combine 3/4 c .  brown sugar ,  1 1/2 tsp . 	prepared mustard ,  1/4 c .  water ,  and 1/4 c .  vinegar ;  heat to boiling and cook 10 min . 	Pour over ham loaf and return to oven to bake 30 min .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees . 	Lightly grease a 9 "  x 13 "  pan with non-stick cooking spray . 	Cook ziti about 2 to 3 minutes less than package directions for al dente pasta . 	Drain ,  rinse with cold water to stop the cooking and set aside . 	In a large bowl ,  mix marinara_sauce ,  ricotta_cheese ,  and 8 ounces of mozzarella . 	Combine ziti and sauce mixture and stir until well combined ,  making sure there are no dry patches of pasta . 	Pour into pan and spread to edges . 	Sprinkle remaining mozzarella over ziti to cover . 	Bake ,  covered ,  at 375 degrees for 45 minutes to 1 hour . 	Uncover and continue baking until cheese is golden brown and bubbly .
Slice the onions to 7 mm wedges and cut the meat into 2~3 cm pieces . 	Puree the tomatoes in a food processor . 	Put butter and garlic_oil in a deep frying pan . 	When the butter has melted ,  sweat the onions . 	Add the meat and stir-fry . 	When the meat has browned ,  add the red_wine ,  canned_tomatoes ,  water ,  and soup stock granules . 	Simmer for 20 minutes over medium-low heat . 	Once simmered ,  add the store-bough roux ,  Japanese Worcestershire-style sauce ,  sugar ,  and salt to season . 	Make parsley rice ,  transfer to a plate ,  and top with the sauce . 	 *  Chicken Curry  * 	Turmeric Rice	Kabocha Croquette	Ketchup Rice Doria
Saute/fry bacon ,  grnd beef ,  sausage ,  and onion ;  drain excess fat and add in to rest of ingredients . 	Bake for at least 1 1/2 hrs .
Let the butter melt in a 3-quart saucepan over medium heat . 	Add in the green_onions and garlic ;  stir/saute for 3-4 minutes or until softened . 	Add in the chiles ,  bell pepper ,  cumin ,  and chili_powder ;  cook for 2-3 minutes ,  stirring constantly  ( so the spices do not burn )  . 	Add in the soup and corn ;  stir to blend . 	Bring mixture to a boil ;  remove pan from heat . 	Add in cheeses and sour_cream ;  stir until melted . 	Serve warm with tortilla chips .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Spread peanuts ,  almonds and walnuts on a jelly-roll pan . 	Toast in the oven ,  shaking the pan occasionally ,  until the nuts are slightly colored and fragrant ,  3 to 5 minutes . 	In a blender ,  combine the nuts ,  water ,  cinnamon_stick and cloves ;  blend until nuts are very finely ground . 	Strain through a medium-mesh sieve over a bowl ,  pressing on the solids with the back of a ladle or rubber spatula to release the liquid . 	Reserve the liquid and discard the solids . 	In the blender ,  combine the chiles ,  garlic ,  onion and nut liquid . 	Add the animal_crackers ;  puree until smooth . 	Strain through a medium-mesh sieve over a bowl ,  pressing on the solids with the back of a ladle or rubber spatula to release the liquid . 	Discard the solids . 	In a large saucepan ,  heat the butter . 	Stir in the nut-chile liquid . 	Simmer ,  uncovered ,  over medium heat ,  scraping the bottom of the pan occasionally with a rubber spatula ,  until the mixture is the consistency of thick pea soup ,  about 15 minutes . 	Stir in chocolate ,  salt and pepper until the chocolate is melted . 	Use immediately .
cook bacon	toast bread	cook egg	assemble sandwich
In a food processor ,  combine the fresh and dried red chiles ,  lemongrass ,  garlic ,  coarsely chopped shallots and water and process to a fine paste . 	In a large ,  deep skillet ,  heat 3 tablespoons of the vegetable_oil . 	Season the chicken with salt and cook over moderately high heat ,  turning once ,  until browned on both sides ,  about 10 minutes . 	Transfer the chicken to a plate . 	Reduce the heat to moderate and add the chile paste . 	Cook ,  stirring constantly ,  until the paste begins to stick to the bottom of the pan and brown ,  about 7 minutes . 	Stir in the coconut milk and return the chicken to the skillet . 	Cover partially and simmer over moderately low heat until the chicken is cooked through and the sauce has thickened ,  about 25 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  in a medium skillet ,  heat the remaining 6 tablespoons of vegetable_oil . 	Add the thinly sliced shallots and fry over moderate heat ,  stirring occasionally ,  until golden brown ,  about 10 minutes . 	Using a slotted spoon ,  transfer the shallots to paper towels to drain . 	Transfer the chicken to plates . 	Add the lemon juice to the sauce and season with salt and pepper . 	Spoon the sauce over the chicken and sprinkle with the shallots .
Salt and pepper the ribs . 	Place ribs in roasting pan and bake at 375F for 1 hour . 	In small skillet saute onions and celery in oil until translucent . 	Put into saucepan and add all above ingredients . 	Simmer for 20-30 minutes while ribs are in oven . 	Drain fat from ribs after they have cooked for an hour and pour sauce mixture over them . 	Lower oven to 350F and place ribs back in for another 1 hour . 	Occasionally baste the ribs with the sauce .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F .  Sift flour ,  sugar and salt into a bowl . 	Rub in the diced butter until the mixture resembles bread crumbs . 	Combine the mixture with the egg and cream . 	Melt the butter in a saute pan ,  add onions ,  salt and pepper . 	Cook onions until soft and golden in color . 	Grease a deep 12-inch flan tin ,  and line with grease-proof paper . 	Roll out pastry so that it is larger than the flan tin and bake blind for 10 minutes . 	Trim pastry edges and leave to cool . 	Strain the juice from the onion mixture and fill the pastry case . 	Whisk the eggs and cream together and pour over the onions . 	Grate the cheese over the top and place in oven for a further 30 minutes or until the egg mixture is set .
Preheat oven to 425F	In a large bowl ,  mix all ingredients together . 	Let sit 15 minutes ,  form 2 to 3 ounce balls . 	Place on sheet tray and bake 15 to 20 minutes until cooked through .
Peel and cut carrots to 1/8 "  medallions . 	I used prepared crinkle cut carrots . 	Slice ten olives in half . 	With a small melon baller or tablespoon measurement  ,  scoop 10 balls of cold cheese . 	once formed into balls ,  freeze on flat surface for 10 minutes while preparing olives and carrots . 	To assemble	Cut a v or pie wedge shape out of carrot slices . 	Save the v shape for beak . 	Take two halves and place on both sides of cheese . 	Place cheese with olive on carrot . 	Take a toothpick and pierce through whole olive  ,  then slide toothpick through cheese securing into carrot	Add v shape reserved from feet and place in pit opening of olive . 	This is the beak so keep opening towards front when assembling . 	Chill about half an hour and serve . 	Recipe by taylor68too
Add all ingredients to a large punch bowl with an ice block ,  adding sparkling_apple_cider only just before serving . 	Garnish punch bowl with sliced apples . 	Sprinkle ground cinnamon on top of each individiual glass .
Cream butter and sugar ,  add eggs and beat well . 	Add flour ,  cocoa ,  raisins and milk . 	Lastly add vanilla and soda dissolved in a little boiling water . 	Bake in moderate oven until skewer comes out clean .
Coarsely chop artichoke_bottoms and set aside . 	Melt butter in medium saucepan and whisk in flour . 	Cook for 1 minute over very low heat ,  stirring occasionally . 	Add white wine ,  chicken_broth ,  heavy_cream ,  celery ,  thymeleaves ,  salt and pepper ,  and stir . 	Simmer for 20 minutes . 	Remove saucepan from heat . 	Add chopped artichokes ,  oyster liquor ,  and 8 oysters . 	Allow soup to cool for 5 minutes . 	Puree soup in blender until fairly smooth ,  but with some texture remaining . 	This may be done ahead of time . 	When ready to serve ,  bring soup to boil and add the chopped scallions . 	Boil for 30 seconds ,  then add remaining 12 oysters and cook just until their edges curl . 	Serve immediately .
Heat oil in medium saucepan over medium-high heat . 	Fry chiles until blistered ,  about 3 minutes . 	Remove chiles from oil . 	Cool chiles and chile oil completely . 	Line large skillet with foil ;  heat over medium heat . 	Add onion and cook until softened and blackened in spots ,  about 5 minutes per side . 	Cool . 	Cut stems off chiles . 	Combine chiles ,  onion ,  garlic ,  salt ,  and 2 tablespoons chile oil in blender ;  chop finely . 	With blender running ,  slowly drizzle in remaining chile oil and blend until thick . 	 ( Can be made 1 day ahead ;  cover and chill .  )
Rub the block of pork_shoulder with 3 %  its weight in salt . 	Cover with plastic wrap and let it sit in the refrigerator for half a day or more . 	This photo shows an 800g block of meat ,  which will serve about 6-7 people . 	Once time has passed ,  remove the wrap and boil the pork . 	Place the pork in lukewarm water before bringing to a boil . 	Remove any of the scum and excess oil that releases from the meat . 	When it begins to boil ,  remove from the pot and lightly rinse with water . 	Change the water in the pot and bring it to a boil . 	Add the meat ,  the green section of the Japanese leeks ,  and the garlic . 	Turn the heat to low and simmer for 1 hour . 	Be careful that the meat doesn't fall apart while it's boiling . 	After it has boiled ,  leave it to cool in the pot . 	Once cooled ,  cut into bite-sized pieces . 	It tastes best if the meat is cut into 5-10mm slices . 	Sichuan pepper is indispensable in Sichuan cooking . 	Remove 10 kernels of pepper from the Sichuan pepper and use a knife to chop finely . 	Use the side of a knife to crush the douchi beans and then finely chop . 	Tear apart the cabbage leaves with your hand and slice the core with a knife . 	Remove the seeds from the green_pepper and chop . 	Mince the garlic ,  mince the ginger ,  and prepare the doubanjiang . 	Combine the ingredients for the sauce . 	Steam the vegetables . 	Fill a pot with water and bring to a boil . 	Add a pinch of salt and then add the green_pepper and cabbage . 	Boil for 10-15 seconds and then drain . 	Heat a frying pan and add 2 tablespoons of vegetable_oil . 	Cook the doubanjiang ,  garlic ,  and ginger from Step 8 until fragrant . 	Add the leek and quickly add the sauce . 	Agitate the pan while cooking for 100 seconds and then add the cabbage . 	Cook for another 20 seconds . 	Swirl in some sesame_oil to finish and enjoy ! 	Here is an egg soup made from the boiled liquid in Step 4 . 	You can use the water that the meat was boiled in for various recipes ,  so don't throw it away .
Beat the eggs lightly in a bowl ,  and whisk or stir in the salt . 	Heat a large cast-iron or other heavy skillet over medium-high heat . 	Add the oil ,  and when it is hot ,  add the shallots ,  garlic ,  ginger ,  chiles ,  and turmeric and stir-fry for 2 minutes . 	Add the tomatoes and fry for another 2 to 3 minutes ,  until they are softened . 	Add the eggs and swirl and tilt the skillet to distribute them . 	Using a flat wooden spoon or spatula ,  toss the eggs with the shallots and tomatoes ,  cooking the eggs while getting everything well mixed . 	Then continue to cook for 2 to 3 minutes more ,  until the eggs are well cooked . 	Turn out onto a flat plate to serve ,  garnished with the fresh coriander . 	Serve with a green salad and Chapatis .
1 . 	Heat the strawberries ,  lemon juice and sugar and stir until the sugar has dissolved . 	2 . 	Remove from the heat and mash the strawberries . 	3 . 	Let cool then mix in the yogurt and test for sweetness . 	4 . 	Chill in the fridge for a couple of hours . 	5 . 	Freeze according to the instructions for your ice cream machine .
Chop and dice parsnips ,  carrots ,  celery ,  onion and jalapenos . 	Add them to a pot with olive_oil . 	Add seasoning and saute until half cooked . 	While the vegetables are cooking chop and dice ,  the chicken and Summer squash . 	Add 6 cups of stock ,  the Summer squash and chicken . 	If you need more broth add what you need . 	Heat until hot .
Mix all ingredients together with wisk or mixer or blender ,  etc . 	Best if chilled overnight . 	Serve with homemade Mexican style tortilla chips . 	Note :  You may need to experiment with the spices to your own taste . 	Also ,  you may like to add more or less ranch_dressing to taste ,  and also more or less milk to the consistency you like . 	Start out with less ,  then taste and add as you like . 	Most Mexican restaurants I've been to are different with the white sauce . 	I have also added sour cream to this recipe and it also does well . 	Please ,  if anyone finds a better way or something to add or subtract ,  please comment and note it !
Dough :  In bowl ,  mix flour ,  walnuts ,  baking_powder and salt . 	In large bowl ,  beat butter ,  sugar ,  honey until fluffy . 	Beat in egg and vanilla . 	On low ,  beat in flour mixture . 	Halve ;  flatten into rectangles ;  wrap . 	Chill 1 hour . 	Filling :  In saucepan ,  gently boil first 3 ingredients ,  stirring ,  7 minutes ,  to reduce liquid to 2 tablespoons Cool . 	Puree in processor . 	Scrape into bowl ;  chill . 	Between 2 sheets waxed paper ,  roll half of dough into 12x8 1/2 "  rectangle ;  remove top sheet . 	Spread with half of filling . 	Roll up from long side . 	Cover ;  chill several hours . 	Repeat with remaining dough and filling . 	Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	With spray ,  coat baking sheet  ( s )  . 	Slice dough 1/4 "  thick . 	Roll edges in decorating sugar ,  if using . 	Place 1 "  apart on sheet  ( s )  . 	Bake 12 minutes ,  until golden . 	Cool 3 minutes on sheet  ( s )  . 	Transfer to racks to cool . 	Store airtight up to 2 weeks .
Cut the beef in 1/4 "  slices ,  then into thin strips . 	Melt 2 T of butter . 	Add meat and brown quickly ,  stirring frequently to brown evenly . 	Melt 2 T Butter in skillet and add onions ,  cooking until slightly brown . 	Stir Occasionally . 	Add  &  stir in tomato past and flour ,  being careful not to burn . 	Texture should be pasty . 	Gradually stir in bouillon  &  worcestershire . 	Add mushrooms and meat . 	Bring mixture to a boil . 	Reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes ,  stirring often . 	After removing from heat ,  stir in sour_cream . 	Serve over rice or noodles .
brown the beef with spices and onion when browned add paste	bring broth to boil add tomato sauce and spices let boil 3 minutes add rice bring back to boil cover and let sit off heat 7 minutes	mix rice and sauce enjoy
Brown ground chuck and drain . 	Add remaining ingredients . 	Bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat ,  cover ,  and simmer for 30 minutes . 	Serve with your favorite toppings . 	Suggestions :  cheddar cheese ,  sour cream ,  jalapeno peppers ,  onions ,  avocado ,  tortilla or corn chips . 	Enjoy !
Bring the stock to a simmer . 	Add soy_sauce ,  pork ,  mushrooms and chile paste . 	Simmer for about 10 minutes . 	Add white_pepper ,  vinegar ,  bamboo_shoots ,  water_chestnuts ,  fungus ,  tofu .  ,  and simmer 5 minutes . 	Mix cornstarch with 5 T .  water and add to soup . 	Bring back to simmer ,  and pour the eggs in a very thin stream over the surface ,  stirring in one direction as you add the eggs . 	Let stand for 10 seconds ,  then stir in the sesame_oil . 	Serve with a chopped scallions on top .
Place a large ,  heavy soup pot ,  over medium heat . 	Cook the sausage links with a small amount of water ,  covered ,  until the sausage has browned ,  about 10 minutes . 	Remove sausages to a plate and let cool . 	Once cooled chop into pieces and then use a food processor to finely ground the sausage pieces . 	Brown the bacon/pancetta in the same pot as used for the sausage links ,  using a little olive oil if necessary . 	When the bacon/pancetta is browned ,  not crisped ,  add back to the pot the chopped sausage and ground_beef ,  and cook until both have browned ,  about 15 minutes . 	Next add the onions ,  celery ,  and garlic ;  cook 5 minutes ,  stirring constantly . 	Add the stock and skim  ( recommend use of a gravy separator )  to remove excess fat . 	Continue to cook at a simmer for about 10 to 15 minutes . 	In a food processor ,  blend tomato_sauce with 1 cup cannellini_beans until smooth . 	Pour the mixture into the pot then add the remaining cannellini_beans ,  kidney beans ,  tomatoes and herbs . 	After 5 minutes ,  add the pasta and simmer for 20 minutes . 	Add the orzo and carrots and simmer for an additional 10 minutes . 	Add more water or stock if necessary to produce a thick stew like consistency . 	Serve with grated Parmigiano and chopped basil .
Preheat oven to 425 degrees . 	Butterfly fillets . 	Open and season thoroughly with salt ,  white pepper ,  and paprika . 	Lay three asparagus_spears on bottom half . 	Place roasted pepper on asparagus . 	Close hinge ,  place fish in oven-proof skillet and sprinkle lemon juice and half of the wine over fish . 	Place fish in oven for about 10 to 12 min or possibly till fish is just opaque . 	Transfer contents of skillet to a plate ,  cover with foil ,  and return to oven . 	Turn oven off to keep fish hot ,  but not cooking further . 	Add in remaining wine ,  shallots ,  and vinegar to pan . 	Place over medium-high heat to deglaze and reduce . 	While reducing ,  dredge tomato slices in flour ,  egg wash and bread crumbs . 	Fry on both sides in saute/fry pan . 	When liquid is reduced ,  remove from pan and whisk in butter pcs to finish sauce . 	Place three tomato slices around center of plate ,  place warmed fish on top and pour sauce over fish . 	Serves 2 .
Combine eggs ,  sugars and salt in a big bowl . 	With your electric mixer cream this for 8 minutes . 	Do not skip this step ,  it is important to cream for at least 8 minutes ! 	Stir in oil ,  pudding and vanilla_extract . 	In a second bowl combine flour ,  starch and baking_powder . 	Fold into the wet ingredients . 	Pour dough into a greased 10 inch spring-form pan . 	This will look a little skimpy ,  but the dough will double during baking . 	Arrange the quartered damsons on top of the dough in concentric circles . 	Sprinkle with the crushed cookies . 	Bake in the pre-heated oven at 160C/320F on the second lowest rack for 40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the centre comes out clean . 	Serve with whipped cream or ice-cream . 	 :  )  .
Combine margarine ,  oil ,  1 tablespoon water , sugar and vanilla_extract and whisk until fluffy . 	Add the remaining water and mix well . 	Add in all the dry ingredients	Mix until well combined	Chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour . 	Preheat oven to 200C . 	And line a baking sheet with parchment paper . 	Make small balls and place 1-2 "  inch apart . 	Bake for 10-15 minutes . 	C	Cool on a wire rack and serve !
Place potatoes and 1 tsp salt in a saucepan ,  cover with water ,  bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat to simmer . 	Cook until potatoes are tender ,  about 20 minutes . 	Drain ,  return to pot . 	Add half and half ,  butter ,  remaining salt ,  pepper . 	Place pan over medium low heat ,  mash for 4-5 minutes . 	Add bacon ,  cheese ,  sour_cream ,  chives and stir .
Wad up two pieces of foil ,  and make each of the balls flat on top . 	Place them in a 5 quart or larger crock pot and pour 1/2 inch of water into the bottom of the crock . 	Rinse and dry the whole_chicken . 	Then clean kitchen with peroxide ! 	In a small bowl ,  combine the spices . 	Rub spices into the chicken . 	Place chicken on top of foil balls in the crock . 	Cook on high for 2 hours . 	After 2 hours ,  switch to low and cook for 5 hours . 	Test for 160 degrees F on a thermometer thats when its done . 	Eat for one meal ,  then pick the chicken from the bones . 	Save all the fat ,  bones ,  innards ,  and skin for chicken stock .
Puree the chicken_livers ,  eggs and molasses . 	together in a food processor . 	Add the remaining ingredients and mix well . 	Pour the mixture into a well-greased 9 "  x 9 "  baking pan . 	Bake in a preheated oven at 400 degrees for 25 to 30 minutes or until a pick inserted in the center comes out clean . 	Cool ,  then cut into bite-sized pieces . 	Store in an airtight container in the . 	refrigerator . 	Freeze any amount that will not be consumed in 4 to 5 days .
1 . 	Heat oven to 425F . 	Saute/fry onions and pepper in oil till tender . 	Add in undiluted soup ,  lowfat milk ,  chicken and vegetables . 	Mix well . 	2 . 	Turn into a 9 inch pie plate . 	Top with the biscuits and bake for about 15 min ,  or possibly till the biscuits are golden and the chicken is bubbling .
Add the balsamic_vinegar and dried_figs in a small to medium saucepan over medium heat . 	When the balsamic begins to bubble ,  lower the heat to a simmer . 	The balsamic_vinegar will reduce to a thick syrup and the figs will become a bit plump because theyre rehydrating . 	Remove the rehydrated figs and any leftover balsamic syrup from saucepan ,  and allow to cool to room temperature . 	When the rehydrated figs are at room temperature ,  place in a food processor and add the Neufchatel cheese . 	Process until well combined . 	Chunks of dried_figs in the mixture are excellent ,  so do not over-process the mixture . 	The final mixture will have a delightful light purple hue to it . 	Now smear on some rustic bread ,  toast or crackers ! 	Enjoy over and over ! 	Maybe share with friends !
belt butter in a skillet and add parsely and next 4 ingriedients . 	saute 2- 3 minutes . 	add watercress and cook 2 more minutes . 	cool . 	pulse parsely mixture in a food processor with remaining 13 tablespoons butter ,  breadcrumbs and liqueuer and process untilsmooth . 	mix salt ,  pepper and hot_sauce . 	fill pieplates with 2 pounds of rock_salt . 	dampen slightly and arrange oysters on plates . 	top each oyster with parsely mixtureb . 	bake at 450 for 12-15 minutes . 	squirt fresh lemon juice over oysters and enjoy .
1 . 	Mix cornstarch and water into a slurry ,  then mix the meat ,  cornstarch slurry ,  soy_sauce ,  sesame_oil ,  and rice_wine together  ( in all honesty ,  I guesstimated on the amounts ;  mix as you wish )  . 	Let marinate for about 30 minutes . 	2 . 	Soak the vermicelli in warm water until softened . 	3 . 	While the meat is marinating and the vermicelli is soaking ,  mince the garlic ,  ginger ,  and green onion  ( also guesstimated amounts )  . 	4 . 	Saute the garlic and ginger in some oil on high ,  then add the meat mixture and green onion . 	As it cooks ,  break the meat up into very small pieces with your spatula . 	When the meat is mostly cooked ,  add the vermicelli and turn heat down to medium-low . 	5 . 	Stirring ,  add small amounts of soaking water continuously to the pan to keep the vermicelli from sticking ,  until done  ( about two minutes )  . 	Seasoning with soy_sauce and chili garlic sauce to taste by mixing with the water  ( this keeps the sauces from staying in only one portion of the noodles )  . 	6 . 	When done ,  the vermicelli  ( tree )  should be bouncy ,  and the small bits of pork  ( ants )  should cling to the noodles .
In a jar with a tight fitting lid ,  combine the basil ,  oil ,  lime_juice ,  sugar ,  salt and pepper ,  shake well . 	In a large bowl ,  combine the corn ,  tomatoes and cucumber . 	Drizzle with dressing and toss to coat . 	Refrigerate until serving .
Combine ground beef chuck ,  feta_cheese ,  mint ,  and 1/4 teaspoon salt . 	Form 4 mini loaves on baking sheet . 	Toss leek ,  yellow_squash ,  and green_olives ,  olive_oil ,  and remaining salt . 	Arrange around loaves on baking sheet . 	Roast for 15 to 20 minutes or until meatloaves are cooked  ( 165 degrees F )  .
Bring chicken broth and fennel_bulbs to simmer in heavy large saucepan over medium heat . 	Simmer until tender ,  about 10 minutes . 	Remove from heat ;  mix in figs and let stand 10 minutes . 	Strain ;  reserve liquid ,  fennel and figs separately . 	Melt 1 tablespoon butter in heavy large skillet over medium-low heat . 	Transfer fennel_bulbs to skillet ,  cut side down . 	Sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon sugar ,  salt and pepper . 	Cook until cut side is brown ,  about 2 minutes . 	Turn fennel over ;  sprinkle with remaining 1/2 teaspoon sugar ,  salt and pepper . 	Cook until brown and beginning to soften ,  about 4 minutes . 	Using slotted spoon ,  transfer fennel to 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish . 	Add 1/4 cup reserved liquid and pumpkin_pie_spice to skillet . 	Bring to boil ,  scraping up browned bits ;  pour liquid over fennel in baking dish . 	Place figs between fennel_bulbs . 	Dot with 1 tablespoon butter . 	Cover baking dish with foil . 	Set aside . 	Combine beef broth ,  shallot and remaining reserved liquid in heavy small saucepan ;  bring to boil . 	Reduce heat to medium ;  simmer until liquid is reduced to 1/4 cup ,  about 20 minutes . 	Add Port and simmer until liquid is reduced to 1/4 cup ,  about 20 minutes . 	 ( Fennel-fig mixture and Port sauce can be made 2 hours ahead ;  let stand at room temperature .  ) 	Preheat oven to 350F . 	Bake fennel until very tender ,  about 40 minutes . 	Remove from oven ;  keep covered . 	Maintain oven temperature . 	Sprinkle veal with salt and pepper . 	Melt 1 tablespoon butter in large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat . 	Cook veal until brown ,  about 3 minutes per side . 	Transfer to oven . 	Roast until thermometer inserted into center of veal chop registers 150F ,  about 8 minutes . 	Transfer veal to 2 plates . 	Top with baked fennel-fig mixture . 	Bring Port sauce to simmer ;  add remaining 3 tablespoons butter and whisk just until melted . 	Season sauce with salt and pepper ;  pour over veal . 	Garnish with fennel fronds .
Combine all ingredients in glass baking dish . 	Cover and bake 30 minutes at 350 degrees	Uncover  &  bake for an additional 5 to 10 minutes until golden .
Preheat your BBQ grill  ( or grill pan )  to medium-high heat . 	Chop both ends off the pineapple and discard . 	Place the pineapple on one end and run your knife down the sides to remove the skin . 	Slice into quarters from the top ,  then run your knife down the center of each piece to remove the tough core . 	Slice two of the sections into 4 long strips each and set aside . 	 ( Wrap up the remaining pineapple and chill for another use .  ) 	Lay the 8 strips of pineapple on the grill . 	Cook until grill marks form on both sides and pineapple has softened . 	This will take about 10-12 minutes . 	Remove from grill ,  dice them up ,  and place in a medium-sized bowl . 	Add the tomato ,  green onion ,  cilantro ,  juice from 1/2 the lime ,  the jalapeno ,  and a generous pinch of salt . 	Taste ,  and adjust the lime juice and the salt to your liking . 	Serve or store in the fridge in an airtight container for 2-3 days . 	Notes :  1 . 	If you like it spicy ,  dont discard the jalapeno seeds . 	2 . 	If the salsa is sweeter than you like ,  add an extra tomato or two .
Preheat broiler . 	Halve eggplants lengthwise . 	Brush cut sides with 1/4 cup oil and season with salt . 	Arrange as many eggplants ,  cut sides up ,  as will fit in 1 layer on rack of a broiler pan and broil 2 to 3 inches from heat until browned ,  about 5 minutes . 	Turn oven setting to 450F . 	and move pan to middle of oven . 	Roast until tender when pierced with a fork ,  about 12 minutes . 	Repeat with remaining eggplants . 	Blend remaining 1 1/2 cups oil and remaining ingredients in a blender until emulsified . 	Serve eggplants at room temperature ,  drizzled with vinaigrette . 	6 small  ( 4-oz .  ) 	eggplants	8 tablespoons olive_oil	1/2 teaspoon cumin_seeds ,  toasted	1/4 cup fresh_cilantro	1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley	1 garlic clove	1/4 teaspoon salt	1/8 teaspoon cayenne	3 tablespoons lemon juice
Boil water and steep tea bag for approximately 4 minutes . 	While steeping ,  froth your milk . 	Add stevia and vanilla . 	Stir . 	Ladle milk on top .
Combine the flour and powdered_sugar in a food processor and pulse for 1 to 2 seconds . 	Add the butter and pulse a few times until the mixture resembles coarse meal . 	Add the egg and pulse once or twice until just combined . 	Set aside . 	Meanwhile ,  soak the cherries in the cognac . 	Set aside to infuse . 	Place the cranberries ,  sugar ,  and water in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat and bring to a boil ,  stirring occasionally . 	Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the cranberries are starting to fall apart and the liquid has become thick and syrupy ,  about 8 minutes . 	Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the zest . 	Set aside to cool . 	Dump the dough from the food processor onto a floured surface and gather it into a ball . 	Wrap the ball in plastic wrap ,  press it down into a disk ,  and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes . 	Preheat the oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit . 	Unwrap the chilled dough and place it on a well-floured surface . 	Using a rolling pin ,  roll the disk from the center outward until it forms a circle of at least 12 inches . 	 ( Perfect roundness is not required or even desired .  ) 	Spread the cooled cranberry sauce thinly over the surface of the galette ,  leaving a 1- to 2-inch rim . 	Slice the apples ,  but keep the halves together . 	Place them on top of the tart ,  skin-side up ,  and nudge them to fan them out slightly . 	Fold the edges of the pastry over the edges of the filling to create a rim . 	Start with a corner of the pastry ,  then do a side ,  then a corner ,  and so on ,  each overlapping the corner of the previous fold . 	You should end up with a shape a bit like an uneven stop sign . 	The tart should stay open in the middle . 	Melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat . 	Add the brown_sugar and cook ,  stirring constantly ,  for 1 minute ,  until bubbly . 	Brush the exposed rim of the tart with a bit of the sugar-butter . 	Pour the rest over the apples . 	Sprinkle the infused cherries and pecans over the top . 	Bake until golden brown and crispy .
Preheat oven to 350 F .  Grease three 7-inch cake pans . 	Line the bottom of each pan with a circle of parchment paper . 	Set aside . 	Into a large bowl ,  sift flour ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda and salt . 	Set aside . 	Beat butter and sugar together in the bowl of a stand mixer on a medium speed until light and fluffy . 	Add eggs ,  one at a time . 	Beat in vanilla until well blended . 	Reduce the speed to low and add flour mixture into the mixing bowl in three batches ,  alternating with half cup of milk ,  mixing until each addition is just incorporated . 	Pour the mixture into the prepared cake pans and spread evenly . 	Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in a cake comes out clean . 	Cool in pans on a wire rack for about 10 minutes before inverting cakes out of the pan onto the rack . 	Let cool completely . 	To prepare frosting ,  beat butter in the bowl of a standing mixer with a paddle attachment on medium speed for 10 minutes ,  until very pale and fluffy . 	Add remaining frosting ingredients  ( except the food coloring )  and beat on low speed for a minute ,  then on medium speed for another 5 minutes . 	Equally split buttercream into 3 portions . 	Mix 1 or 2 coloring paste colors of your choice into each portion ,  until incorporated and colors are even ,  so that you have 3 different colors . 	To assemble the cake ,  place one cake layer on the serving plate and spread with half of the pink  ( or whatever color you prefer )  frosting ,  leaving a 1-cm border around the edge of the cake . 	Place another cake layer on top ,  and gently press down a little bit . 	Spread with the remaining half of the pink frosting . 	Place the last layer of cake on top . 	Gently press down and smear the extra frosting that squeezed out between the cake layers along the sides of the cake . 	Freeze the cake for 15 minutes . 	It helps to avoid showing the pink buttercream while frosting the sides of the cake . 	Carefully smear the side  ( bottom half )  with the turquoise  ( or another color of choice )  buttercream ,  followed with the purple  ( or another color of choice )  buttercream on the upper half and top of the cake . 	Use a mental spatula to smooth frosting all over the cake ,  to blend the colors together and create rustic stripes effect . 	Garnish with spring flowers ,  pastel color sprinkles or pearls . 	Cover and refrigerate the cake . 	Leave out in room temperature for at least an hour prior to serving .
Place all ingredients in a clean electric coffee grinder . 	Grind until fine . 	Store in a small jar with a tight-fitting lid . 	Keep away from heat and sunlight . 	This is a spice combo used in many Indian recipes .
Preheat oven to 350F . 	Cream together brown and white sugar ,  margarine and vanilla_extract . 	Beat in egg . 	Sift in flour ,  baking_powder and soda and salt until combined . 	Stir in chocolate_chips and nuts . 	Drop dough by heaped tablespoonfuls onto sprayed SHINY baking sheet . 	Bake 1o to 12 minutes ,  depending on your oven . 	Cool on wire rack . 	Freeze really well .
Coat 12 muffin cups with nonstick cooking spray . 	In a mixing bowl ,  add the flour ,  cocoa powder , sugar ,  baking_soda ,  and salt ;  stir to combine . 	In another bowl ,  add the milk ,  oil ,  eggs ,  and vanilla ;  whisk until blended . 	Add the liquid ingredients and 1/2 cup chocolate chips to the dry ingredients . 	Stir just until dry ingredients are moistened ;  be careful not to overmix . 	Pour batter evenly into muffin cups . 	Sprinkle remaining chocolate chips evenly over muffin batter . 	Bake at 400 degrees for 20-22 minutes or until pick comes out clean . 	Place pan on a wire rack to cool for a few minutes before removing muffins from pan .
Beat white chocolate pudding mix and 1 cup milk in medium bowl with whisk 2 min . 	Spoon into 4 dessert dishes . 	Refrigerate 15 min . 	Repeat with remaining pudding mix and milk ,  spooning pudding over white chocolate pudding layers in dessert dishes . 	Refrigerate 15 min . 	Top with raspberries before serving ;  sprinkle with powdered_sugar .
1 . 	Preheat oven to 425 . 2 . 	Place crust on a baking sheet . 	Bake at 425 for 8 minutes . 	Remove from oven ;  arrange goat_cheese evenly over crust . 3 . 	Combine strawberries ,  watercress ,  olive_oil ,  juice ,  salt ,  and black pepper ;  toss gently to coat . 	Arrange strawberry mixture evenly over goat_cheese . 	Sprinkle pizza with Parmigiano-Reggiano and nuts . 	Cut into 12 wedges . 	Serve immediately .
beat eggs ,  sour_cream and seasonings together until well blended . 	Add diced ham to eggs . 	Melt butter in 10 inch fry pan . 	Add 1/2 egg mixture to fry pan and cook on medium heat for about 1 minute to set bottom . 	Layer swiss_cheese on cooked eggs ,  then add the rest of the egg mixture . 	Continue cooking over medium heat until bottom begins to brown slightly . 	Remove pan from stove and place on top rack of oven broiler . 	Broil until completely set and top is nicely browned . 	 ( watch carefully ,  burns easily )  .
The long soaking of the beans to soften them is all-important . 	After soaking ,  drain the beans very well and let them dry out a little on a towel . 	Then put them in a food processor and process until they form a paste ,  adding salt_and_pepper ,  cumin ,  coriander ,  chili pepper ,  and baking_soda or baking powder  ( these last two release carbon-dioxide gas ,  which causes the paste to rise slightly and lighten )  . 	The paste must be so smooth and soft that it will hold together when you fry . 	Let it rest for at least 1/2 hour . 	Add the rest of the ingredients except the oil . 	If you have chopped or grated the onion in the food processor ,  strain to get rid of the juice ,  or the rissoles could fall apart when you fry . 	Knead the mixture well with your hands . 	Take small lumps and make flat ,  round shapes 2 inches in diameter and 1/4 inch thick . 	Let them rest for 15 minutes . 	Heat at least 2 inches of oil in a heavy pot until sizzling hot . 	Fry the patties in batches ,  without crowding them ,  until crisp and brown ,  turning them over once . 	Lift them out with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels . 	Serve hot ,  accompanied by hummus bi tahina  ( page 68 )  or baba ghanouj  ( page 65 )  ,  a tomato-and-cucumber salad ,  and pita bread . 	A common version is made by dipping the taamia in sesame seeds before frying them . 	If the paste does not hold together ,  it usually means that the beans have not been properly mashed . 	You can remedy this by adding 23 tablespoons flour . 	A quarter-ounce dried yeast dissolved in a few tablespoons lukewarm water may be mixed into the paste ,  which should then be allowed to rest for an hour . 	The result is lighter rissoles . 	A dry falafel ready mix is not nearly as good as the real thing ,  but you can use it to make a quick appetizer . 	Add water as directed on the packet ,  and allow the paste to rest for a while . 	To improve the flavor ,  add a little finely chopped parsley ,  finely chopped scallions ,  crushed garlic ,  and the other flavorings called for in the master recipe to taste ,  then shape and fry in oil as above . 	In Syria ,  Lebanon ,  and Jordan ,  falafel are made with a mix of chickpeas and fava beans ,  and in Israel ,  where falafel has become the national dish ,  it is made with chickpeas alone . 	It is mostly the Israelis who have popularized falafel in the West ,  and their style is the one generally known abroad .
Combine first 7 ingredients in a bowl . 	Mix well and shape into patties . 	Place in a 10 x 16 inch glass baking dish . 	Cover with waxed paper ;  cook at high for 10 min . 	Meanwhile ,  combine sauce ingredients ,  pour over patties . 	Return to microwave for 15-20 min at high setting . 	Serves 6 .
Combine the water ,  bouillon ,  and poultry_seasoning in a large stock pot and heat until boiling . 	Add the onion ,  TVP ,  carrots ,  celery ,  and potatoes . 	Let cook covered for 10 minute . 	Meanwhile ,  prepare the dumplings by combining all the dry ingredients in a bowl and mixing well . 	Cut in the shortening with a pastry blender or two knives until the mix is the consistency of corn meal . 	 ( I didn't work it quite this long ,  my chunks of shortening were a little larger . 	 )  . 	Stir in the milk and mix until the consistency of dough . 	Add the zucchini to the stew . 	Return to boiling . 	Drop in spoonfuls of dumplings into the stew . 	Cook uncovered at a low boil for 10 minutes . 	Cover and cook for another 10 minutes . 	Serve warm ,  leftovers can be frozen .
Sift flour ,  baking_powder ,  and salt into a medium bowl . 	Using an electric mixer ,  beat eggs and sugar in a large bowl until pale yellow and thick ,  about 4 minutes . 	Beat in honey ,  vanilla ,  and orange_zest . 	Gently fold in dry ingredients . 	Add 5 tablespoons melted butter ;  gently fold into batter . 	Press plastic wrap directly onto surface of batter ;  chill for at least 3 hours . 	DO AHEAD :  Can be made 1 day ahead . 	Keep chilled . 	Position a rack in center of oven ;  preheat to 400F . 	Lightly brush madeleine molds with butter . 	Place pan on a baking sheet . 	Drop 1 scant tablespoon batter into each mold . 	Bake until golden and a tester inserted into center comes out clean ,  about 10 minutes . 	Remove pan from oven ,  invert ,  and quickly knock madeleines out of pan . 	Serve warm on their own or with Ginger-Yogurt Mousse with Pistachio Meringue  .
In a small bowl ,  mix mayonnaise ,  garlic ,  oregano ,  salt  ,  and pepper . 	Set aside . 	Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil . 	Add potatoes ,  and cook until almost done ,  about 10 minutes . 	Don't overcook otherwise the potatoes will break apart . 	Drain ,  and cool . 	Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat . 	Lightly grease a large piece of aluminum foil . 	Arrange potatoes in the prepared aluminum foil . 	Spoon the mayonnaise mixture over the potatoes . 	Place on the prepared grill ,  and cook until potatoes are tender and mayonnaise mixture is lightly browned ,  about 10 minutes .
Place oven rack in lower third of oven and preheat to 350 degrees F . 	In a large bowl ,  whisk flours ,  sugar ,  cinnamon ,  baking_soda and salt . 	Add coconut ,  raisins ,  orange zest ,  apple ,  pineapple ,  carrots and stir to combine . 	In a separate bowl ,  whisk eggs with applesauce and vanilla . 	Add to dry ingredients and blend well . 	Spoon batter into muffin tins lined with muffin cups . 	Spritz muffin cups with cooking spray . 	Fill almost all the waythey dont rise much . 	Press extra nuts and coconut flakes onto the tops ,  if desired . 	Bake 3035 minutes or until toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean . 	Cool muffins in the pan for 10 minutes ,  then turn out onto a rack to finish cooling .
Place the beans , water ,  cheese ,  garlic ,  oil ,  sage ,  oregano ,  salt ,  and pepper in a 5 or 6 quart slow cooker ,  mix well . 	Cover and cook until the cheese melts and the garlic is soft ,  1-2 hours on high or 3-4 hours on low . 	Add lemon_juice and zest , coursely mash the bean mixture with a potato masher ,  stick wand or large wooden spoon until blended .
Place tea bags in a small bowl . 	Add boiling_water . 	Let stand for 15 minutes or until lukewarm . 	Discard tea bags . 	Pour tea into a blender . 	Add the remaining ingredients . 	Cover and blend for 30 to 45 seconds or until smooth . 	Pour into chilled glasses . 	Serve immediately . 	 * You can also use fat free milk and fat free condensed milk if you chose to . 	 *
Combine Simple Syrup and sliced strawberries in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat . 	Cook until strawberries have cooked down and syrup has a distinct strawberry flavor ,  about 10 minutes . 	Remove from heat and cool to room temperature . 	Strain syrup ,  discard strawberries ,  transfer to a container with a tight-fitting lid ,  cover ,  and refrigerate until ready for use .
Place chicken between two sheets of heavy-duty plastic wrap and flatten using a meat mallet or rolling pin . 	Combine bread crumbs and cheese . 	Dip chicken in beaten egg ;  dredge in breadcrumb mixture . 	Melt butter in a large skillet ;  add chicken and brown on each side over medium-high heat . 	Arrange chicken in a lightly greased 13x9 baking dish . 	Pour spaghetti_sauce over chicken and sprinkle with mozzarella_cheese . 	Cover and bake at 375 degrees for 30 minutes or until thoroughly heated and chicken is no longer pink .
Heat oven to 350 degrees  . 	Beat sugar ,  butter ,  vanilla ,  chocolate and egg in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed ,  or mix with spoon . 	Stir in flour ,  baking_powder and salt . 	Stir in nuts . 	Drop dough by rounded tablespoonfuls about 2 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheet . 	Bake 9 to 11 minutes or until almost no indentation remains when touched in center . 	Cool 1 to 2 minutes ;  remove from cookie sheet to wire rack .
In small bowl stir together 1/4 cup stock and cornstarch ,  set aside . 	In 4-quart saucepan ,  bring remaining stock to a boil ;  add noodles and cook for 5 minutes . 	Stir in bell pepper ,  peas and black_pepper . 	When noodles are soft ,  stir in cornstarch slurry . 	Cook and stir until slightly thickened ;  stir in pork and butter . 	Heat through .
In a skillet cook the onion and the sliced fennel in 2 tablespoons of the butter ,  covered ,  over moderate heat ,  stirring occasionally ,  for 12 minutes ,  or until the fennel is just tender . 	Stir in the Sherry and boil the mixture ,  uncovered ,  for 1 minute . 	Stir in the cream ,  the vinegar ,  the fennel_seeds ,  and salt_and_pepper to taste ,  cook the mixture over moderate heat ,  stirring ,  adding the water as needed to thin the sauce if desired ,  for 30 seconds . 	Transfer the mixture to a bowl and keep it warm . 	In the skillet ,  cleaned ,  heat the remaining 1 tablespoon butter over moderately high heat until the foam subsides and in it saute the snapper ,  starting skin sides down ,  for 3 minutes on each side ,  or until it just flakes . 	Divide the onion and fennel mixture between 2 heated plates and arrange a snapper fillet on each plate .
In blender ,  pulse the tomatoes for 2-3 seconds ,  pour in serving bowl  ( you don't want it to be runny )  . 	Add all other ingredients . 	Stir well . 	Place in refrigerator for 30 minutes to marry flavor . 	Serve .
Beat egg with hand beater till fluffy ;  beat in remaining ingredients . 	Pour batter onto warm griddle . 	Turn pancake over as soon as bubbles form . 	Makes 12 to 16 pancakes . 	Preparation time :  5 min .
Heat oven to 325F . 	Grease 1 1/2 qt casserole dish . 	Mix together milk ,  eggs ,  salt . 	Then add baking mix . 	You may have to add a little extra baking mix to get to desired consistency ,  but you don't want mixture to be thick . 	Stir in broccoli  &  cheese . 	Pour into baking dish . 	Bake for 1 hr .
Place all ingredients in the slow cooker and stir well . 	Cook on low for at least 8 hours .
Brush the mushrooms clean and cut them as needed so that they are roughly equal in size . 	In a large frying pan over medium heat ,  melt the butter . 	Add the onion and saute until softened ,  about 3 minutes . 	Add the mushrooms ,  increase heat to med-high and saute until lightly browned in places ,  3-5 minutes . 	Season to taste with salt and pepper and add the wine . 	Increase heat to high and cook until the wine is nearly evaporated ,  about 3 minutes . 	Add the stock and dried mushrooms ,  decrease heat to medium ,  and cook until the fresh_mushrooms are tender and the dried mushrooms are rehydrated ,  about 10 minutes . 	Stir in 1/2 cup cream and nutmeg ,  then taste and adjust the seasoning . 	Add more cream as desired to create a creamy but light sauce . 	Transfer to a warmed serving dish ,  sprinkle with the chives and serve at once .
mix ingrediants in order given . 	put batter in 10 "  spring form bake at 450 10 minute . 	turn to 350 bake for an hour . 	place in pan of water while baking . 	Let stand 2 hrs before remmoving from oven . 	Chill 4-5 hours before serving .
Butter 4 ramekins . 	divide the mango into the 4 ramekins	 . mix the eggs and sugar together	add the flour	mix	add the yogurt . 	add the mango_juice	pour over fruit	Place in a pan of water ,  which is a ban marie , up half ways on the ramekin in 300 degree Fahrenheit for oven 50 minutes or until knife comes out clean . 	Whip the cream and rose_water together ;  a pinch of cinnamon would be okay . 	Top cooled custards with this topping . 	She topped hers with rose_petals .
PREPARE RED SAUCE :  Heat oil in pan over medium heat &  saute onion until translucent . 	Add garlic &  saute for another minute . 	Stir in the rest of the ingredients ;  bring to a boil ,  then reduce heat &  simmer uncovered for 15- 20 minutes . 	Adjust seasoning ,  if necessary and remove the bay leaf . 	PREPARE CHICKEN SAUCE :  Melt butter in a heavy fry pan over medium heat . 	Very thinly slice the chicken into strips ;  saute along with the almonds ,  stirring frequently ,  until the chicken is cooked  ( about 5 or 6 minutes )  . 	Meanwhile ,  pour the cream into a small ,  heavy pan over a low heat . 	Bring to a boil &  boil for about 10 minutes ,  stirring constantly ,  until reduced by almost half . 	Combine the cream with the chicken mixture and season . 	Set aside &  keep warm . 	PASTA :  Add oil ,  then noodles to a large pot of salted ,  boiling water &  cook until tender . 	Drain well . 	ASSEMBLY :  Turn noodles onto individual plates . 	Spoon tomato sauce over them ,  leaving the outer edge of the noodles visible . 	Spoon chicken sauce onto the center of tomato sauce ,  leaving the outer edge of the tomato sauce visible . 	Sprinkle with basil_leaves .
Heat the olive_oil in a deep medium pot over a medium to high heat . 	Add the onions and garlic and cook ,  stirring often using a wooden spoon . 	Approximately 4-5 minutes or until onions have softened . 	Add the potatoes ,  parsley ,  stock and the seasoning . 	Still over a medium to high heat bring to the boil . 	Then reduce to medium to low heat ,  stirring occasionally until the potatoes are cooked . 	Cooking time approximately 30-35 minutes . 	Allow the pot to cool slightly . 	Once slightly cooled puree the stock into a very smooth mixture and vegetables either using a hand blender or a food processor . 	You can work in batches if you find it easier . 	If the cream is too thick for you add a splash of water until it reaches your desired consistency . 	If doing this soup in andvance continue with this step when its almost time to serve . 	Return the puree to the pot and then cook over a medium to low heat until hot . 	Stirring often . 	Check seasoning and adjust to your liking . 	Top with your favorite grated cheese when on the plate or serve as it is .
In a large container ,  mix together the pineapple juice ,  orange juice ,  and honey . 	Marinate the quail in this mixture overnight ,  refrigerated . 	Stuff each marinated quail with a small rolled ball of the hot_sausage . 	Dust each quail lightly with Everglades Seasoning ,  then wrap each quail with a strip of bacon and secure with a toothpick . 	Smoke the quail over indirect heat for 2 to 3 hours . 	Cook's Notes :  The quail should not cook over direct heat because drippings could spark a fire and overcook them . 	The coals should be to 1 side of the grill ,  the quail to the other side . 	Billy Bowman prefers wet wood chips to give a smoked flavor .
Preheat a BBQ or grill . 	Remove the husks and silk from the corn cobs and cook on the BBQ or grill for about 10 minutes ,  turning frequently ,  until roasted and slightly blackened . 	Cool ,  then cut the kernels from the cobs with a small sharp knife . 	 ( Hold the cobs vertically on a chopping board and run the knife down the sides of the cobs )  . 	Cut the capsicum into quarters . 	Discard the seeds and membrane and cook under the grill or on the BBQ until the skin has blackened and blistered . 	Remove from the heat and place in a plastic bag to cool . 	Peel away the skin and finely chop the flesh . 	Heat the oil in a large pan and cook the onion for 5 minutes ,  or until very soft and lightly golden . 	Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute . 	Add the corn kernels ,  capsicum and chicken_stock to the pan ,  bring to the boil ,  reduce the heat and simmer ,  partially covered ,  for about 20 minutes . 	Cool the soup slightly then puree half of it in a blender or food processor until the mixture is fairly smooth . 	Transfer all the soup to a clean pan to heat through  ( do not boil )  . 	Just before serving ,  stir through the lime_juice and the coriander leaves .
Combine all ingredients except chicken and bread . 	Let mayonnaise sit 30 min to blend flavors . 	Thinly slice chicken ,  top four slices of bread with chicken ,  remaining slices of bread with mayonnaise and form 4 sandwiches . 	You may wish to add in shredded lettuce . 	Serves 4 .
Brown ground beef in a pan with a splash of water ,  stirring frequently to break it up into very small pieces . 	Meanwhile ,  saute the onions in oil in a large saucepan . 	When they have turned limp and transparent ,  add the garlic and cook for a further minute or two . 	Add the beef to the vegetables . 	Stir in the sugar ,  tomatoes and tomato_paste . 	You may also need to add in some water to obtain the correct consistency - this needs to be a bit thinner than a traditional pasta sauce . 	Simmer for about an hour . 	With about 15 or 20 minutes left ,  check the consistency of the sauce again . 	Add water ,  if required ,  as well as seasonings . 	Preheat oven to 350F . 	Melt butter in a small saucepan . 	Add flour and 1 cup of milk to a sealable jar and shake well until the flour is distributed throughout the milk . 	Add this mixture slowly to the butter ,  stirring constantly . 	Repeat with remaining milk and paprika . 	Continue heating ,  stirring constantly ,  until the sauce begins to thicken . 	Again ,  this does not need to be a thick sauce . 	Cook ziti for about 7 minutes in a pot of salted boiling water . 	The ziti will only be about half cooked at this point . 	Drain ,  reserving about a cup of water to thin the sauce ,  if necessary . 	Mix the pasta with tomato sauce ,  bechamel sauce ,  and mozzarella cheese . 	Stir well to combine and melt cheese . 	There should be enough sauce to just cover the pasta . 	Pour the mixture into a large baking dish . 	If you have some tomato sauce left ,  spoon it lightly over top of the pasta for a bit of extra colour . 	Sprinkle with parmesan ,  cover ,  and bake for about 40 minutes . 	The pasta will finish cooking during this time ,  and the excess liquid will be absorbed ! 	Allow to stand for a few minutes before serving .
cook pasta separately . 	saute veggies and add tuna when they're soft . 	add drained pasta . 	stir flour into milk and add to pan . 	If it thickens too much ,  add some chicken_broth . 	Add red pepper flakes to taste for a little spicier dish .
Combine evaporated_milk ,  water ,  rice flour ,  salt ,  sugar ,  cinnamon stick and zest in a medium size heavy saucepan . 	Heat this mixture over medium heat ,  stirring constantly ,  until it starts to boil . 	Reduce heat to medium . 	Add the butter . 	Remove from heat . 	Get rid of the cinnamon stick and peel . 	Pour the majarete in individual dessert dishes . 	Cool slightly before putting them in the refrigerator until chilled . 	Sprinkle with cinnamon before serving if you wish . 	Note :  you can use ,  instead of water ,  1 cup coconut milk or coconut water . 	 ( Recipe courtesy of MiCocinaLatina . com ,  Nestle Corporation .  )
Fill 6-quart saucepot with 1 inch water and steamer insert . 	Heat to boiling on high ;  reduce heat to medium . 	Place artichokes stem side down in saucepot . 	Cover and steam 35 minutes or until knife pierces easily through base . 	Stir together mayonnaise ,  yogurt ,  chives ,  lemon_juice ,  water ,  mustard ,  and salt . 	Serve artichokes with sauce .
Cook the pasta according to package instructions . 	Drain . 	Meanwhile ,  heat the oil in a non-stick frying pan and add the onion ,  pepper ,  courgette ,  aubergine and tomatoes . 	Cook over a medium-high heat for 5-6 minutes until slightly softened and browned at the edges . 	Preheat the oven to 180C/Gas 4 . 	Mix the cooked and drained pasta with the softened vegetables and put in an oven-proof dish . 	Stir in the pasta_sauce and crumble the goats' cheese over the top . 	Bake in the oven for 20 minutes ,  covering with foil halfway through the cooking time if the top is browning too much . 	Sprinkle with torn basil before serving .
Heat oven to 400 degrees F . 	Brown meat with onions in large skillet on medium-high heat ;  drain . 	Return meat mixture to skillet ;  stir in next 4 ingredients . 	Arrange 3 tortillas in single layer on bottom of 13x9-inch baking dish . 	Cover with layers of half each of the meat mixture ,  sour cream and cheese . 	Repeat layers ;  cover . 	Bake 40 min . 	or until casserole is heated through and cheese is melted ,  uncovering after 30 min . 	Let stand 5 min . 	before cutting to serve .
Follow attached recipe except no venison or bacon .
Preheat oven to 350 F .  Spray a 9x13 inch casserole dish with cooking spray . 	Make couscous according to package directions . 	Cook the vegetables in the microwave according to package instructions until almost done . 	Then remove them from the microwave and drain off any excess water . 	When the couscous is done cooking ,  combine vegetables ,  couscous ,  Parmesan cheese and cream_of_chicken_soup in a bowl . 	Stir to combine thoroughly . 	Pour the mixture into your casserole dish . 	Place a sheet of tin foil over the dish and bake in the oven for 30 minutes .
For Sauce :  Combine broth and cornstarch in bowl and stir until cornstarch dissolves . 	Add remaining ingredients ;  stir to blend . 	For Fish :  Preheat oven to 425 . 	Place sea bass in a large baking pan and spoon over the sake ,  soy_sauce ,  and 2 T oil . 	Sprinkle with 3 tablespoons of the ginger . 	 ( Can be prepared 4 hours ahead . 	Let sauce stand at room temperature . 	Cover fish and refrigerate .  ) 	Bake fish 9 minutes per inch of thickness . 	Meanwhile ,  heat remaining 2 tablespoons of oil in a large skillet over high heat . 	Add remaining 3 tablespoons of minced ginger and stir until aromatic ,  about 30 seconds . 	Add carrots and stir-fry until beginning to soften ,  about 2 minutes . 	Add mushrooms and continue stir-frying for about 1 1/2 minutes more . 	Add green_onions and stir to coat . 	Stir sauce ingredients to blend and add to skillet ; cook until sauce thickens ,  stirring ,  about 2 minutes . 	Transfer fish to plates ;  spoon vegetables and sauce over and serve .
Spray four 3/4-cup ramekins or custard cups with vegetable oil spray . 	Pour 1 tablespoon milk into small bowl . 	Sprinkle gelatin over and let stand until softened ,  about 10 minutes . 	Combine cream ,  1/4 cup sugar and 1/3 cup milk in heavy medium saucepan . 	Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean ;  add bean . 	Bring to boil over medium heat ,  stirring often . 	Remove from heat . 	Add gelatin mixture and stir until melted . 	Strain mixture into large glass measuring cup . 	 ( see note )  . 	Chill until cold ,  about 2 hours . 	Pour into ramekins or custard cups ,  cover and chill overnight . 	Run small sharp knife around sides of cups to loosen custards . 	Invert custards onto plates . 	Serve with sauce . 	Note :  Don't skip the  " straining "  step as it removes any bits of undesolved gelatin and insures a nice smooth dessert .
Prepare 3 sheets parchment paper to fit a 12-inch pastry circle . 	For the pastry ,  add the flour ,  sugar ,  baking_powder ,  salt and baking_soda in a food processor and process for 30 seconds to combine . 	Add the frozen butter and pulse until the size of small peas . 	Do not overmix . 	Add the buttermilk and almond_extract and pulse just until the dough holds together when pinched . 	Form the dough into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap or wax paper ,  lightly dusted with flour . 	Refrigerate 1 hour . 	For the cream ,  whisk the egg_white with the confectioners sugar until frothy . 	Add the ground almonds ,  melted and cooled butter and the almond_extract . 	Whisk until blended and refrigerate until needed . 	For the filling ,  peel and core the pears . 	Cut into 1/4 inch slices and toss in a bowl with the lemon juice and lemon_zest . 	Set aside . 	Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F .  Lightly dust a sheet of parchment paper with flour and place the dough on top . 	Sprinkle lightly with flour and top with another sheet of parchment paper . 	Roll out the dough to a 12-inch circle . 	Peel off the top layer of paper and invert the dough onto a baking sheet lined with the third piece of parchment . 	Spread the cream mixture over the dough ,  leaving a 1-inch border . 	Arrange the pear slices in concentric circles over the cream . 	Blend the cinnamon and sugar together and sprinkle on top of the pears . 	Fold the edges of the dough over the pears . 	Crimp edges if needed ,  to seal . 	Sprinkle the small bits of butter over the filling . 	Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until pears are tender and the crust is lightly browned . 	Remove the galette from the oven and preheat the broiler . 	Cover the crust with foil and glaze the pears about 6 inches from the heat for about 1 minute or until the pears are golden brown . 	Cool on the baking sheet 5 minutes . 	Transfer to a wire rack and cool completely . 	Sprinkle with confectioners sugar and cut into wedges to serve . 	 ( Adapted from a recipe on Epicurious . com )
Fire up grill  ,  when coals are white hot cook longer cooking items first ,  add hot dogs to grill turn every few mins remove at desired doness . 	Or when skin splits place in buns add condiments and serve
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F .  ,  rack in the middle position . 	Melt the butter . 	Add the sugar and mix . 	Let the mixture cool to room temperature and then stir in the egg . 	Add all of the rest of the ingredients except the flour ,  mixing after each addition . 	Add the flour ,  one cup at a time ,  and mix it throughly . 	Let the cookie dough sit for 5 minutes to  " rest . 	 "  . 	Drop by spoonful on a greased cookie sheet ,  12 cookies per standard-size sheet . 	 ( If the dough is too sticky ,  refrigerate it for a few minutes to firm it up .  ) 	Flatten the cookies with a greased spatula . 	Bake at 375 degrees F .  for 8-10 minutes . 	When the cookies come out of the oven ,  leave them on cookie sheets and immediately press pieces of candy_corn on top as a design . 	Do this right away ,  so that the candy will stick after the cookies have cooled . 	Let the cookies cool on sheets for 2 minutes and then transfer them to a wire rack to cool completely .
Make rice . 	Add lentils to about 1 quart of boiling water and simmer for 20 minute . 	Meanwhile ,  cut veggies . 	Drain lentils into colander and leave them out of pot . 	Add butter ,  beef ,  broth ,  celery ,  carrots ,  and garlic to lentil pot . 	Boil for 10 minute . 	Add lentils ,  salt ,  sugar ,  cumin ,  and pepper to pot . 	Bring to Boil ,  then turn down to simmer for 30 minute . 	Add Cider Vinegar . 	Serve with rice .
Preheat the oven to 400 *  . 	Grease a baking sheet . 	Sift together the flours ,  baking_soda and salt . 	Make a well in the center and add the butter and buttermilk . 	Working from the center ,  stir to combine the ingredients until a soft dough is formed . 	Place on the baking sheet . 	Cut a cross on the top with a sharp knife and dust with flour . 	Bake until brown ,  about 40-50 minutes . 	Transfer to a wire rack to cool .
Preheat oven to 350 . 	If madadamia nuts are salted ,  spread on towel and rub to remove as much salt as possible . 	Chop nuts and place in single layer on baking sheet . 	Toast about 5 minutes ,  or until golden brown . 	Set aside . 	Combine sugar ,  gelatin ,  cornstarch and salt in blender or food processor . 	Add cream_cheese and sour_cream . 	Whirl ,  gradually adding milk ,  and continue blending or processing until smooth . 	Note :  If using a food processor ,  add part of the milk ,  process and pour part of the mixture into top of a double boiler ,  then add remainder of milk and process . 	This will prevent an overflow from too much liquid . 	Place mixture in top of double boiler and cook over gently boiling water until thick and smooth ,  stirring constantly ,  about 15 minutes . 	Whisk some of the mixture into egg yolks . 	Return to pan ,  whisking as it continues to cook ,  about 3 minutes . 	Remove top of double boiler and set aside to cool slightly . 	Whip egg whites until stiff peaks form . 	Stir rum into filling mixture and fold in egg whites . 	Chill until thickened but not firm . 	Whip cream until stiff and fold into filing along with half of the toasted nuts . 	Pour into prepared crust and chill at least 2 hours . 	Sprint top with remaining nuts just before serving .
Make a crisscross cut in the bottom of each onion . 	Cut the carrot into large pieces . 	Use the potatoes whole . 	Cut the daikon radish to quarters lengthwise and slice 3 cm thick . 	Cut up the Chinese cabbage into 2-3 wedges . 	Put the daikon radish in the pressure cooker first ,  then add the ingredients . 	500 ml won't make a lot of soup ,  so add more water up to 1000 ml . 	Put the Chinese cabbage on top ,  cover with a lid and start heating the pressure cooker to bring it up to pressure . 	When it reaches pressure ,  cook for 1 minute over low heat ,  and turn off the heat . 	When the cooker has depressurized ,  unlock the lid ,  add the sausages and bring a a boil . 	Serve ! 	It's delicious with some grainy_mustard !
 *  These can be made ahead of time . 	See bottom for directions . 	1 . 	Preheat oven to 350 F .  Wash but do not peel the potatoes . 	Using a mandolin or a very sharp knife ,  slice the potatoes 1/4 thick . 	2 . 	Brush oil on the bottom and sides of a muffin pan so the potatoes dont stick . 	Then place the smallest diameter potato slices on the bottom of each cup . 	Brush some olive_oil on the top of the potato . 	Then place a pinch of cheddar cheese on top of that . 	Repeat the process with the remaining potatoes  ( save some of the cheese for later )  . 	You will have three layers of potatoes in the end . 	Push the top layer down with your hand so that it forms the shape of a mini bowl and all the edges of the potato are inside the cup . 	Brush with olive_oil . 	Bake for 45 minutes . 	3 . 	While the potato thins are baking ,  slice the pancetta into small 1/4 cubes . 	Saute the pancetta in a pan over medium heat until crispy ,  like bacon bits . 	4 . 	Once the potatoes are done ,  put a pinch more cheese on top and place back in the oven for 5 minutes to melt the cheese . 	Remove the potatoes from the muffin pan by running a butter knife around the edge and they should pop out easily . 	5 . 	Top the potatoes with a dollop of sour_cream ,  pancetta and green onions . 	Sprinkle with salt . 	Serve warm . 	 *  *  If making a day ahead of time ,  complete steps 1-3 . 	After the 45 minutes is up ,  remove potato thins from muffin pan and let them cool . 	Cover and store in the refrigerator for up to one day . 	You can do the same with the cooked pancetta . 	The next day ,  place potato thins on a baking sheet and reheat in a 350 F oven for 20 minutes . 	Place a pinch of cheese on top for the last 5 minutes to melt ,  but make sure it does not burn . 	Top with a dollop of sour_cream ,  pancetta and green onions . 	Sprinkle with salt . 	Serve warm .
Combine and bake at 325F for 30 minutes . 	Serve .
Break bread into small pieces and soak in milk for five minutes . 	Add remainder of ingredients and mix well . 	Shape into loaf and bake at 350 degrees for 1 1/4 hours .
Cook or steam rice . 	Cover a bamboo sushi-rolling mat tightly with plastic wrap . 	Moisten your fingertips with water and gently spread out on quarter of the rice onto the mat into a 4 " x7 "  rectangle . 	Spread 3 tbsp peanut butter evenly over rice ,  then place 3 pieces of banana along the side closest to you . 	Using the mat to help you ,  roll the rice over and around the bananas to form a tight sushi roll ,  pressing down firmly to seal the roll . 	Sprinkle roll with some sesame_seeds and cut crosswise into 6 equal pieces . 	Repeat process with remaining ingredients . 	Use the honey for dipping .
Mix all but meat and pour in glass pan . 	Add in cut meat turning to coat well . 	Cover and leave in refrigerator for 12 hrs . 	Dry on a rack  ( cake cooling racks on sided cookie sheets covered with foil works well )  in the oven set on lowest setting with the oven door slightly cracked open for 4 hrs or possibly till doneness which you like .
Scrape the bitter gills out of the mushroom cap . 	Melt butter in saute pan . 	Add one of the garlic_cloves ,  then saute the mushroom caps on both sides until tender ,  about 5-7 mintues depending on thickness . 	Combine the cream cheese ,  remaining garlic clove ,  garlic_powder ,  mustard ,  worchestershire ,  paprika and hot sauce . 	Spread the garlic cream cheese on the buns ,  then assemble the mushrooms ,  onions and greens in sandwich form .
Cook onion and garlic in the 2 tablespoons cooking_oil until the onions are tender but not browned . 	Add the chicken ,  packaged_coleslaw_mix ,  bean_sprouts ,  teriyaki sauce and soy_sauce to the onions and garlic ;  mix well . 	Cover and steam for 5 minutes . 	Remove from heat and stir in the water_chestnuts ;  drain the liquid from the chicken and cabbage mixture ;  taste and season with salt if desired . 	Heat 1 1/2 inches of vegetable oil in a wok or large frying pan . 	While oil heats ,  wrap about 1/4 cup of the chicken and cabbage mixture in egg_roll_wraps ,  rolling tightly and sealing edges with beaten egg . 	Fry until a deep golden brown ,  a few at a time ;  drain on paper towels .
Heat oil  &  add pepperoni ,  cook for 1 minute . 	Add remaining ingredients and cook stirring occasionally for 5 minutes . 	Turn heat to low  &  simmer covered for approx 30 mins or until potatoes are tender . 	Turn heat to high and toss potatoes around for a few minutes to crisp .
Place turkey_bones/meat in a pot . 	Add enough water to cover turkey  ( ~one inch over turkey )  . 	Add raw carrots ,  onions ,  and celery . 	Cook for ~two hours . 	Empty clear broth into a bowl . 	Throw out bones and cooked vegetables . 	2nd part - put the broth on a simmer . 	Blend in butter ,  flour ,  Heat until bubbly . 	Gradually add half and half	Bring to boiling ,  cook and stir 1 to 2 minutes . 	Add frozen mix veggies . 	Cook until thicken .
Place sliced steak into a large bowl and sprinkle evenly with the chili_powder ,  cumin ,  coriander ,  and salt . 	Add the garlic and jalapenos and toss to mix it all together . 	Heat two teaspoons oil in a large skillet over high heat until hot . 	Add half of the steak and cook ,  turning once ,  until browned . 	Its about one minute per side . 	Transfer to a bowl and repeat with remaining steak and oil . 	Then chop/cut steak into bite-sized pieces . 	Off heat ,  add the tomato_sauce ,  water ,  brown_sugar ,  and lime_juice to the skillet . 	Be sure to scrape up all of the brown bits . 	Place skillet back onto heat and cook tomato mixture on medium heat until reduced ,  8 minutes or so . 	Return steak to the skillet and cook until meat is no longer pink . 	Divide among tortillas . 	Serve with cheese ,  lettuce and sour cream .
drain tofu for at least 2 hours . 	discard liquid . 	combine all ingredients in food processor until smooth . 	use immediately .
If you have the time ,  put the tofu in water to cover and leave for 30 minutes . 	Wash the wakame seaweed and cut into bite sized pieces . 	Cut the radish sprouts into thirds . 	Put the radish sprouts and wakame in a bowl and mix with ponzu_sauce and sesame_oil . 	Add the tofu that has been cut into bite size pieces and mix gently . 	Arrange in serving bowls ,  sprinkle with sesame seeds and it's done .
Cook fettucine as directed . 	Beat together cheese and butter until a smooth paste forms . 	Toss cooked noodles with sauce and serve .
On a large sauce pan place 1 or 2 cups of water and place the porkchops ,  sofrito ,  adobo ,  garlic powder ,  onion_powder ,  ground_black_pepper . 	Let them boil until cooked . 	Once cooked add the corn ,  sweet peas ,  tomato sauce and sazon and let it simmer for about 30 minutes . 	Serve with white rice or any side dish of your choice .
Chop the bacon and chicken_thighs into chunks ,  and dry over a medium heat until browned . 	Chop the onion ,  celery sticks and garlic and add to the pan . 	Cook until softened . 	Sprinkle over the flour ,  and cook ,  stirring for 1 minute . 	Tip in the chopped tomatoes and stock ,  and add 1 tsp dried_thyme and 1/2 tsp ground_cayenne_pepper and simmer ,  uncovered for about 20 mins . 	Chop the green beans and the kabanos sausage ,  and add to the pan . 	Simmer for another 10 mins . 	Serve with crusty bread .
Preheat the oven to 375F  ( 190C )  or 350F  ( 175C )  with convection . 	Cut the butter into thin slices and scatter them on the bottom of a 12-inch  ( 30 . 4-centimeter )  round cast-iron or other ovenproof skillet . 	Sprinkle the brown sugar evenly over the bottom of the pan ,  then sprinkle the pecans and raisins over the sugar . 	Put the brioche dough over the sugar mixture and gently press it to fill the pan . 	Use a sharp knife to lightly score  ( no more than 1/2 inch [1 . 25 centimeters] deep )  the brioche into serving-size pieces . 	Bake for 1 hour or until the brioche becomes a deep golden brown and sounds hollow when tapped firmly with your finger . 	Let rest for 5 minutes . 	Cut into pieces and serve warm .
Preheat the oven to 325 . 	In a bowl ,  whisk the condensed milk with the grated lemon zest ,  vanilla_bean seeds ,  cloves and 1/4 teaspoon of kosher_salt . 	Whisk in the yogurt until smooth . 	Arrange eight 8-ounce ceramic or glass ramekins in a large roasting pan and pour about 1/2 cup of the yogurt mixture into each ramekin . 	Add enough boiling water to the roasting pan to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins . 	Bake for about 12 minutes ,  until the custards are set but slightly loose in the centers . 	Transfer the ramekins to a rack and let cool to room temperature . 	Meanwhile ,  in a small saucepan ,  cook the lemon juice ,  cranberries ,  sugar and 1 cup of water over high heat until the cranberries are just tender ,  about 2 minutes . 	Transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature ,  about 20 minutes . 	Drain the cranberries ;  save the syrup for another use . 	In a bowl ,  toss the apple and fennel with the olive_oil and season lightly with salt . 	Spoon the cranberries and the apple salad over the custards and serve .
Tear up bread and place in bottom of greased 9x13 inch pan . 	Brown sausage ,  drain fat . 	Spoon sausage over bread . 	Sprinkle with cheese . 	Beat together Large eggs ,  lowfat milk ,  salt ,  pepper ,  and mustard . 	Pour over mix in dish . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 35 to 40 min . 	May be prepared night before .
Here are the ingredients . 	Add 300 ml milk ,  sugar ,  and kanten in a pot . 	Mix and heat to dissolve . 	When the edge of the pan is slightly bubbling ,  add the rest of the milk and stir over low heat . 	Try to keep at 90C/194F and do not let it boil . 	Take one ladle of the mixture and dissolve the kinako powder in a bowl ,  and return it into the pot . 	It will get lumpy if you add the kinako directly into the pot . 	Turn the heat off when it's nearly boiling . 	Pass through a tea strainer as you pour into a container . 	When it's slightly cooled down ,  chill in the fridge to finish .
Lightly brown almonds on a cookie sheet in a hot oven ,  for about 5 minutes . 	 ( About 450 degrees F )  . 	Beat cream_cheese ,  horseradish ,  wine ( if using )  ,  tabasco sauce ,  lemon_juice ,  black_pepper ,  and grated onions . 	Mash sardines and add to cream_cheese . 	Add potato_crisps or seasoned potato chips ,  slowly ,  so as to measure consistency . 	Also ,  add almonds ,  slowly ,  so as to measure consistency . 	 ( Leave out about 1 tablespoon almonds )  . 	Put mixture in heat-proof dish and heat in micorwave or oven until dip is bubbling ,  at 375 degrees F for about 7-10 minutes . 	Top with reserved browned almonds . 	Serve with assorted vegetables ,  cocktail breads ,  crackers or Seasoned Party Pitas #146950 by me . 	Enjoy !
Mix altogether and chill overnight . 	 ( Highview )
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	Mix cake mix ,  eggs ,  and vegetable_oil together in a bowl until well mixed ;  fold in chocolate_chips . 	Roll cookie dough into 12 balls and arrange on a baking sheet . 	Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned around the edges ,  7 to 9 minutes . 	Cool on the baking sheet 2 to 3 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool .
Cream butter and sugars add eggs . 	Sift flour ,  soda ,  salt and spices . 	Add dry ingredients to mixture ;  blend well . 	Stir in oatmeal and raisins . 	Form walnut sized balls and roll in sugar . 	Then place on lightly greased cookie sheet . 	Bake 350 degrees for 12-15 minutes .
1 . 	Preheat oven to 350 degrees F ,  and spray a cookie sheet with oil . 	2 . 	In a large bowl combine flour ,  date_sugar and cinnamon . 	3 . 	In a medium size bowl combine oats and baking_soda . 	4 . 	Add the hot_water to the oats stirring well . 	5 . 	Add the oil and vanilla to oat mixture and stir to combine . 	6 . 	Pour the oat mixture into the flour mixture and stir well ,  then fold in the carob or chocolate_chips and the chopped walnuts . 	7 . 	Drop rounded tablespoons of dough onto the cookie sheet ,  and flatten with a fork . 	8 . 	Bake for 15 minutes . 	Remove from oven and cool before moving to a wire rack . 	9 . 	When cool place half the cookies upside down in two 9x13 casserole pans with lids . 	10 . 	Spoon ice_cream onto each half and cover with another cookie . 	When done cover casserole with lid and place in the freezer for 24 hours . 	Remove sandwich as needed .
Preheat oven to 350F . 	Prepare brownie_mix as directed on package . 	Pour into greased 9-inch pie plate . 	Bake 35 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean . 	Cool completely on wire rack . 	Scoop out center of brownie with spoon ,  leaving a 1-inch crust around edge and thin layer of brownie on bottom . 	Reserve removed brownie pieces . 	Pour milk into large bowl . 	Add dry pudding mixes . 	Beat with wire whisk 2 minutes . 	 ( Mixture will be thick .  ) 	Stir in half of the whipped topping and all but 1/4 cup of the reserved brownie pieces . 	Spoon into brownie crust ;  top with remaining whipped topping and remaining brownie pieces . 	Refrigerate 2 hours or until set . 	Store leftover dessert in refrigerator .
Preheat your oven to 395 degrees F .  Line an 8 inch brownie pan with parchment paper . 	In a large bowl combine eggs ,  salt ,  cinnamon and sugar with an electric mixer until fluffy . 	Add flour ,  baking_powder and nuts . 	Mix until well combined . 	Pour batter into baking pan and bake for 12 minutes . 	Remove it freom the oven ,  let it cool ,  then cut in half horizontally to create two layers . 	Put half of the cake on your serving platter . 	Combine heavy_cream ,  vanilla ,  cornstarch ,  powdered_sugar and shredded milk_chocolate in a cold metal bowl and mix with an electric mixer until very stiff  ( at least 4 minutes )  . 	Now spread 1/3 of the cream on one half of the cake . 	Place second half on top and spread remaining cream all around the cake . 	Place in fridge for at least 2 hours before serving .
Melt the margarine and set aside . 	Combine the sugar and baking_cocoa in a bowl . 	Stir in the evaporated_milk ,  eggs ,  melted butter or margarine ,  and vanilla ,  blending well . 	Stir in the coconut and pecans and turn into two unbaked pie shells . 	Bake in a 350F oven for 40 minutes or until set around the edges . 	Cool on racks .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	In a small bowl ,  mix crushed crackers ,  rosemary ,  thyme and sage . 	Place leeks in the bottom of a large baking dish . 	Layer with tomatoes and mozzarella_cheese . 	Top with the crushed cracker mixture ,  and drizzle with melted butter	Bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven ,  or until golden brown .
Bring the water to a boil over high heat in a large saucepan . 	Add the rice and stir gently so that it doesnt stick to the bottom of the pan . 	Return to a boil ,  turn the heat down so that the water simmers Vigorously ,  and cook ,  partially covered ,  8 minutes . 	Drain the rice ,  return to the pan ,  and let stand ,  covered ,  until ready to serve .
Combine cheese with butter until creamed . 	Beat in flour ,  mustard ,  Worcestershire_sauce and Tabasco . 	Mix until dough is formed . 	Shape into two logs about 1 1/2 inches in diameter and about 10 inches long . 	Wrap in waxed paper and refrigerate for a few hours or overnight . 	Slice rolls carefully into 1/4 inch slices and place on buttered baking sheets  . 	Bake in a preheated 375 F oven for 7 to 9 minutes ,  or until just beginning to turn golden . 	Cool on wire racks .
Roll steaks in flour ,  salt and pepper to taste . 	Place in small roasting pan . 	Add in small onion ,  diced . 	Pour tomato_juice over meat . 	Add in potatoes ,  peeled and halved  ( optional )  . 	Cover . 	Bake in oven at 325 degrees for 1 hour . 	So tender you can cut it with a fork .
Toss 8 small free-range chicken_legs in 1/4 cup  ( 40g )  plain_flour until coated . 	Heat 2 tbs olive_oil in a frying pan over high heat . 	Add chicken and cook ,  turning until golden . 	Place in a 3 . 5-litre crockpot . 	Add 200g bacon rashers ,  rind removed and cut into 2cm cubes ,  500g button_mushrooms ,  halved ,  1 onion ,  chopped ,  and 2 garlic_cloves ,  crushed ,  to the frying pan and cook for 5 minutes or until golden . 	Add to the crockpot with 800g can diced_tomatoes and 140g container tomato_paste . 	Cook ,  covered ,  on Low for 4-6 hours or on High for 2-3 hours . 	Season well with salt and freshly ground pepper . 	Serve with a dollop of sour_cream and scattered with chopped continental parsley .
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F .  Place the pecans on a baking sheet in one layer and bake until golden ,  6 to 8 minutes . 	Let cool ,  then coarsely chop ;  set aside . 	Shred the Brussels_sprouts using the large holes of a box grater or a mandoline . 	Coarsely chop any ungrated pieces with a knife . 	Combine the mayonnaise ,  mustard ,  honey ,  vegetable_oil and orange_zest in a large bowl and whisk to combine . 	Whisk in the vinegar and orange_juice until smooth . 	Add the shaved Brussels_sprouts and toss to combine . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Transfer to a serving dish and scatter the pecans and pomegranate_seeds on top . 	Refrigerate 2 to 4 hours before serving . 	Photograph by Ryan Liebe
In large stockpot ,  cook bacon until crisp ;  remove from pan ,  drain on paper towels ,  crumble ,  and set aside . 	In drippings ,  place scallops and cook for 3-4 minutes until opaque  ( 8-9 minutes for sea scallops )  . 	Remove scallops from pot and set aside . 	In drippings in pot ,  add onion ,  potatoes and celery and cook for 3-4 minutes . 	Add fish_stock and bring to a boil ;  reduce heat ,  cover ,  and simmer for 8-10 minutes until potatoes are tender . 	In medium bowl ,  combine flour ,  marjoram ,  pepper ,  and milk and mix with wire whisk until blended . 	Add to pot along with drained corn and bring to a simmer . 	Cook over medium heat for 12 minutes ,  stirring often ,  until soup has thickened and vegetables are tender . 	Add cooked scallops and simmer for 3-4 minutes until scallops are thoroughly heated .
Mix together cranberries ,  sugar ,  water and cherries in a pot and heat over medium high heat to a boil . 	Reduce heat to medium low and simmer for 10-12 minutes ,  until all the berries have popped open and the sauce has thickened . 	Remove from heat and stir in the orange_marmalade . 	Let stand to cool for 1 hour and then spoon into a storage container or serving dish ,  cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving .
Lay ice_cream bricks side by side ;  measure length and width . 	Trim cake 1 inch larger on all sides than ice_cream measurements . 	Place cake on a piece of foil . 	Center ice_cream on cake . 	Cover ;  freeze till firm . 	At serving time ,  beat together egg_whites ,  vanilla ,  and cream_of_tartar to soft peaks . 	Gradually add in sugar beating after each tablespoon is added . 	Transfer cake with ice_cream to a baking sheet . 	Spread with egg white mixture ,  sealing to edges of cake and baking sheet all around . 	Swirl to make peaks . 	Place oven rack in lowest position . 	Bake in a 500F degrees oven about 3 minutes or till golden . 	Slice ;  serve immediately .
Place ingredients in the short cup . 	Twist on the cross blade . 	Blend until smooth . 	Heat until slightly warm and serve .
Rinse the spinach in water and chop into half lengthwise . 	Microwave for 1 minute  ( cover it with plastic wrap )  . 	Chop the spinach into bite-sizes . 	Do the same for the ham . 	Beat the eggs and prepare soy_sauce and butter . 	Melt the butter in a frying pan and stir-fry the spinach and ham . 	Season with soy_sauce and pepper . 	Add the beaten eggs and mix roughly . 	It's ready to eat when the eggs are soft-set or set to your liking .
If you choose to make your own pasta dough  ( which I recommend )  ,  this recipe requires a pasta maker . 	For the pasta dough :  Mix the flour and the eggs together . 	Knead the mixture for 5 minutes . 	Pack the dough in some cling film and leave in the refrigerator for 20 minutes . 	Then cut the chilled dough into 100 gram sized pieces . 	Take one of the pieces and run it through #1 of the pasta maker ,  then fold it in two and run it again through #1 . 	Repeat this if necessary  ( the purpose here is to widen the dough ,  because otherwise it would be very long and not very wide and it is not very practical )  . 	Then pass the dough through the #2 through #7 settings  ( or according to your pasta maker )  in the same manner . 	If the dough sticks a little in the machine ,  flour it between passes through the machine . 	Set the noodles aside while you make the sauce and filling . 	For the filling :  Mix all of the filling ingredients together in a bowl and place in the refrigerator . 	For the ravioli assembly :   ( more photos for this part are available on my blog click on the Related Blog Link ) 	Roll a strip of the dough out onto a floured plan . 	Arrange filling down the center of the dough ,  a teaspoon at a time ,  at regular intervals . 	Slop all of the exposed dough with egg yolk . 	Fold both sides of the dough over the center  ( the part with the filling )  and press around the filling areas to seal the ravioli and remove the air . 	Press again around the filling to remove the air and press on the junctions to seal the ravioli ,  then ,  cut the junctions with a knife . 	Cook ravioli in a large pot of boiling water for several minutes ,  until they float to the top of the water . 	When they float ,  they are done and remove them from the water with a slotted spoon . 	For the tomato sauce :  Blend all the ingredients in a mixer ,  warm at low heat in a pan . 	For the presentation :  Put the ravioli on a plate . 	Coat with tomato sauce and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and fresh mint .
UP TO A DAY AHEAD :  . 	Melt the butter in a medium pan ,  add the cardomom and coconut and stir non-stop for 2-3 minutes until the coconut starts to toast . 	Stir in the chilli ,  ginger ,  garlic ,  ground_coriander and turmeric . 	Cook for another minute then leave to cool . 	Arrange the salmon in a single layer ,  spaced slightly apart ,  in 1 large or two smaller buttered ovenproof dishes . 	Scatter on the coriander and spread the coconut mixture on top . 	Cover in cling film and chill  ( for up to one day )  UNTIL ONE HOUR BEFORE COOKING . 	TO SERVE :  . 	Turn the oven to conventional 200C  ( 390F ) /gas 6/fan 180C  ( 390F )  . 	Roast the salmon for 13-15 minutes until cooked ,  but still moist . 	If this is for a buffet ,  bring to the table in the dish ( es )  .
Whip the cream till peaks form . 	Add the syrup and fold together .
Preheat oven to 350	I roast the corn in the shucks on a baking sheet for about 20 minutes . 	While corn is roasting ,  cook bacon until crispy . 	Drain on paper towels and roughly chop . 	Remove husks and silks and cut kernels off the ears . 	I cut the kernels off directly into the bowl I will be serving the salad in . 	Add the bacon and chopped green onion or chives  ( I prefer chives ,  but I usually dont have them in my fridge . 	I think the green_onions work just fine )  to the corn kernels . 	In a small bowl ,  whisk together the olive_oil and vinegar . 	Add in the cumin or paprika if using . 	Pour over salad . 	Adjust to taste . 	Roughly chop the arugula and add at the last minute . 	Salt and pepper to taste . 	Toss and serve .
mix the butter ,  sugar ,  vanilla_sugar and salt until soft and foamy . 	Add flour and baking_powder . 	Add the milk and almonds if using . 	set aside half the mix . 	Divide the other half into two equal parts ,  mix one with the cocoa the other with the strawberry flavorings and natural pink food colour	grease a 25 cm long loaf tin or other tin of choice of equal size . First add the vanilla mix ,  followed by cocoa mix and last the strawberry mix  . 	take a small fork or the end of a spoon and gently spiral through the three layers	bake at 175 C for about 55-60 minutes . 	The cake is done when a skewer inserted comes away clean	leave to cool for about ten minutes and turn onto rack to cool completely . 	Sprinkle with icing sugar or cover with melted chocolate . 	you can add a little rum about 1/2 to 1 tablespoon to basic mix but do not make the mix to runny adjust with a tablespoon of flour
Heat olive_oil in a saucepan over medium heat . 	Add couscous ;  saute 3 minutes . 	Add bell pepper and onion ;  saute 4 minutes . 	Add chicken stock and tomato_paste ;  bring to a boil . 	Cover ,  reduce heat ,  and simmer 10 minutes .
Preheat oven to 450F . 	Coat a baking sheet with olive oil spray . 	Slice the potatoes super-thin ,  arrange slices on the baking sheet ,  then coat'em lightly with olive oil spray . 	Sprinkle with the garlic_powder ,  bake for 10 minutes or until brown and crisp-- then enjoy !
In medium saucepan ,  bring potatoes ,  cream and bullion to a simmer over medium heat until tender . 	In large stock pot ,  fry bacon until crisp . 	Remove bacon ,  save drippings . 	Saute onions in 2 Tablespoons bacon fat  ( or oil )  over medium heat until soft . 	Add peppers and cook until tender ,  about 3 minutes . 	Stir in salt ,  thyme ,  white_pepper ,  poultry_seasoning and coriander . 	Add milk and heat gently ,  do not boil . 	Add potato mixture to stock pot ,  stir and bring to simmer . 	Thicken with cooled butter-flour mixture . 	Stir well . 	Simmer lightly to obtain a gloss . 	Add corn and heat thoroughly . 	Sprinkle bacon bits on top before serving .
Preheat oven to 325 F or 165 C and grease baking pan with butter . 	 ( I use a 10 inch cake tin or ring )  . 	Sift flour ,  baking_powder and salt into a bowl and mix thoroughly . 	Set aside . 	In a large bowl beat the egg_yolks and whole egg together until they are light in colour and slightly thickened . 	Sift in sugar gradually beating well after each addition . 	Add lemon zest ,  orange_zest ,  orange juice and vanilla_extract to egg mixture and fold in gently . 	Gradually add flour etc from bowl set aside ,  folding after each addition . 	Mixture will thicken . 	Add boiling_water all at once and fold in quickly mixing well . 	Add berries and mix well . 	Pour batter into greased tin . 	Bake for 60 minutes Turn cake out onto a plate or wire rack after removing it from over and allow to cool . 	If you like you can dust the top of the cake with powder sugar . 	You can turn the cake out on a plate and put a piece of bread or paper towel on top of it then cover with cling film or saran wrap . 	I find that this keeps the cake nice and moist ,  even around the edges .
In a large heatproof bowl ,  combine the bulgur with the boiling_water ,  lemon juice and 1 1/2 teaspoons of salt and let stand until the water has been absorbed and the grains are tender ,  about 1 hour . 	Meanwhile ,  preheat the oven to 350 . 	Set the chicken breasts on a baking sheet . 	Rub them with 1 tablespoon of the olive_oil and season with salt and pepper . 	Roast for about 40 minutes ,  or until just cooked through . 	Let the chicken cool slightly ,  then discard the skin and remove the meat from the bones . 	Cut the chicken into 3/4-inch chunks . 	Add the scallions ,  parsley ,  mint and the remaining 1/4 cup of olive_oil to the bulgur and let stand for 15 minutes . 	Add the chicken ,  cucumber and tomatoes ,  season with salt and pepper and toss well . 	Transfer the tabbouleh to a bowl or platter and serve at room temperature or chilled .
Combine cream cheese ,  KRAFT parmesan cheese and the margarine in a pan then stir on low heat until smooth . 	Cook fettucini according to the package . 	Then once sauce is smooth ,  add fettucini to the sauce .
1 . 	Preheat oven to 350 F .  Wash and scrub sweet_potatoes thoroughly and puncture each a few times with the tines of a fork . 	Place potatoes on a baking sheet or oven safe dish and bake for about 45-60 minutes  ( depending on potato size )  ,  until fork tender . 	Remove potatoes from oven and set aside . 	2 . 	Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat . 	Add a small amount of olive_oil to the pan  ( about 1 tablespoon )  and add the onions and corn . 	Sprinkle with cumin ,  chili_powder and Italian seasoning . 	Saute until corn is cooked through  ( about 8-10 minutes )  . 	Remove from heat and set corn and onion mixture aside in a bowl . 	3 . 	Add the black_beans to the corn and onion mixture . 	Add as much fresh_cilantro as desired  ( I like quite a bit :  about 1/2 cup ,  roughly chopped )  . 	Mix to combine all ingredients . 	4 . 	When the sweet_potatoes have cooled fully  ( at least enough so you can hold them )  ,  cut each in half lengthwise . 	Carefully scoop the sweet potato flesh from inside each skin  ( make sure you leave a small border intact in each skin )  and place the potato flesh into a separate bowl . 	Add sour cream and chipotle peppers ,  then mash until mixed through . 	Arrange potato skins back on a baking sheet . 	5 . 	Carefully add the black bean/corn/onion mixture into the sweet potato and sour cream mixture . 	Fold everything together until fully incorporated . 	Scoop the finished filling back into each sweet potato skin ,  then top with a light sprinkle of shredded cheese if desired  ( I used sharp cheddar )  . 	6 . 	Switch oven setting to broil . 	Place filled potato skins under the broiler for 3-4 minutes ,  or until cheese is melted . 	Serve each potato with a dollop of sour cream ,  and garnish with sliced green onions and cilantro . 	Recipe adapted from Pinch of Yum
Preheat oven to 190 degrees C . 	Sift flour ,  baking_powder ,  bicarbonate_of_soda ,  mixed_spice and salt twice . 	In a large mixing bowl ,  beat sugar ,  oil and eggs . 	Add beetroot ,  nuts and jam and mix well . 	Sift in flour mixture and mix well . 	Pour into a greased deep 20 cm diameter baking pan and bake for 1 hour ,  or until a skewer inserted in centre comes out clean . 	Cool slightly in pan ,  then turn out on to a wire rack to cool completely . 	Spread thickly with icing and decorate with candied beetroot topping . 	-------ICING----------- . 	Place cream_cheese in a mixing bowl . 	Fold in icing_sugar and gently mix in orange peel . 	------TOPPING--------- . 	Place 250 ml  ( 1 cup )  each of the sugar and water in a saucepan . 	Bring to the boil . 	Add beetroot and reduce heat to moderate . 	Boil for 25 minutes . 	Remove beetroot slices . 	Combine remaining sugar and water in another saucepan and boil until sugar dissolves . 	Transfer beetroot to this mixture and cool . 	Store beetroot in syrup in an airtight container at room temperature until ready to use .
Heat oven to 375 degrees F . 	Mix meat ,  yellow onions ,  bread crumbs ,  barbecue sauce ,  egg and chili_powder just until blended ;  press onto bottom of 9-inch square baking dish sprayed with cooking spray . 	Bake 20 to 25 min . 	or until done  ( 160 degrees F )  . 	Meanwhile ,  microwave potatoes as directed on package ;  place in medium bowl . 	Add butter ,  milk ,  parsley and garlic_powder ;  mix well . 	Gently stir in bacon and French fried onions . 	Remove baking dish from oven . 	Heat broiler . 	Spread potato mixture over meat mixture ;  top with cheese . 	Broil ,  4 inches from heat ,  3 to 5 min . 	or until cheese is melted .
Melt the chocolate_chips and oil in a saucepan over very low heat . 	Let the mixture cool for about 15 minutes . 	Dip banana slices and let excess chocolate drip off . 	Roll in nuts or toasted coconut if youd like ! 	Place dipped slices on a foil or waxed paper-lined pan and freeze for at least 3 hours ! 	Store in the freezer in an air-tight container ,  if they last that long !
Preheat oven to 500 degrees . 	Cut the kidneys in half lengthwise . 	Carefully cut away the core of each kidney half . 	Cut each kidney half into eight pieces of more or less equal size . 	Beat the egg lightly and add the mustard ,  Worcestershire_sauce ,  salt and pepper . 	Blend well . 	Add the kidneys and coat well with the egg mixture . 	Pour the bread crumbs onto a flat sheet . 	Add the kidney pieces and stir to coat well on all sides . 	Arrange the pieces evenly on eight skewers . 	Spoon one teaspoon of butter over each skewer . 	Arrange the skewers on a rack and place in the oven . 	Bake four minutes and turn the skewers . 	Bake four minutes longer . 	Serve immediately .
Preheat oven to 375 . 	Combine bananas ,  egg ,  sugar and oil until smooth . 	Add pancake_mix . 	Line muffin pans with paper liners or spray with cooking spray . 	Fill each up 3/4 full . 	Combine butter and brown_sugar . 	Stir in pecans and flour until crumbly . 	Distribute evenly over tops of muffins . 	Bake 18-20 minutes .
Fold in large pan ,  bring to boil . 	Reduce heat and simmer for 10 min . 	Cold to lukewarm . 	Fold in 4 c .  flour and 3 tsp . 	baking pwdr . 	Divide mix in 3 wax paper lined bread pans ,  3 1/2 x 7 1/2 inches . 	Bake in 350 degree oven for 45 min to 1 hour .
Place all ingredients in the blender . 	Cover and blend on high 2 minutes . 	Reduce speed ;  blend 1 minute till frothy ,  serve .
Microwave potatoes in large microwaveable bowl on HIGH 5 min .  ,  stirring after 2-1/2 min . 	Stir in broth and milk . 	Microwave 10 min .  ,  stirring after 5 min . 	Carefully smash potatoes with potato masher . 	Reserve 2 Tbsp . 	each bacon and cheese and 1 Tbsp . 	dill for topping . 	Stir remaining bacon ,  cheese and onions into soup . 	Serve soup topped with reserved bacon ,  cheese ,  dill and sour cream .
Preheat oven to 300 . Heat a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat . 	Coat pan with cooking_spray . 	Add garlic ;  saute 1 minute or until garlic just begins to brown . 	Remove garlic from pan with a slotted spoon ;  place in a large bowl . 	Coat pan with cooking_spray . 	Add onion ;  saute 3 minutes or until tender . 	Add onion to garlic . 	Coat pan with cooking_spray . 	Add half of beef to pan ;  saute 5 minutes or until browned on all sides . 	Add beef and any accumulated juices to onion mixture . 	Coat pan with cooking_spray . 	Add remaining beef to pan ;  saute 5 minutes or until browned on all sides . 	Add beef and any accumulated juices to onion mixture . Add wine to pan ;  bring to a boil ,  scraping pan to loosen browned bits . 	Add beef mixture . 	Stir in carrot ,  rosemary ,  salt ,  pepper ,  and bay_leaves . 	Add 1 cup water ,  broth ,  and tomatoes ;  stir to combine . 	Bring to a boil ;  cook 1 minute . 	Remove from heat ;  cover and bake at 300 for 1 1/2 hours . 	Remove from oven ;  uncover and stir in potatoes . 	Combine remaining 1/4 cup water and flour ;  stir with a whisk until smooth . 	Stir flour mixture into stew . 	Cover and bake an additional 1 1/2 hours or until beef is tender . 	Discard bay_leaves . 	Sprinkle with parsley ,  if desired . 	Serve with bread .
In a large skillet coated with cooking spray ,  cook and stir egg over medium-high heat until set . 	Remove and set aside . 	In the same skillet ,  stir-fry chicken and onion in oil until chicken is no longer pink . 	Add garlic ;  cook 1 minute longer . 	Stir in the rice ,  beans ,  Mexicorn ,  peppers ,  taco_sauce and green_onions ;  heat through . 	Stir in reserved egg . 	Sprinkle rice with cilantro .
Preheat a grill on high heat . 	Heat the olive_oil in a small sauce pot over medium-high heat . 	While the oil is heating prepare a plate lined with paper towels and set aside . 	When the oil is hot but not quite smoking add the sage leaves ,  stand back as they will crackle and pop . 	When the leaves are fried crisp remove to the paper towel using a mesh skimmer ,  set aside to cool . 	Line a cookie sheet with plastic wrap and lightly drizzle with olive_oil . 	Using a small paring knife cut a slit in the veal chop ,  between the bones ,  but on the meat side . 	Using your fingers make a pocket in the veal and transfer to the plastic lined tray . 	On a large plate or clean cutting board lay down the fontina slices ,  top each with 2 slices of prosciutto and 3 to 4 sage leaves . 	Roll the fontina slice up with all the ingredients inside making a small package . 	Using 1 hand ,  open up the pocket in the veal chop while stuffing the cheese and prosciutto package inside with the other hand . 	Brush the chops with the olive_oil and season generously with gray_salt and black pepper . 	Grill the chops over high heat for about 6 to 7 minutes on each side until nicely marked and move to indirect heat for about 8 to 10 more minutes or until desired doneness .
Heat oven to 375F	Butter and flour 8-inch square cake pan ;  set aside . 	Melt butter in small saucepan over medium-low heat . 	Cook ,  stirring constantly ,  until butter foams and turns a delicate golden color  ( 5 to 10 minutes )  . 	Remove from heat ;  set aside . 	Place flour ,  brown_sugar ,  macadamia_nuts and salt in food processor fitted with metal blade or 5-cup blender container . 	Cover ;  process until nuts are very finely chopped  ( 30 to 60 seconds )  . 	Beat egg_whites in large bowl at high speed until foamy . 	Continue beating ,  gradually adding sugar ,  until glossy and stiff peaks form . 	Very gently stir nut mixture into egg_whites  ( DO NOT OVER STIR )  . 	Very gently stir browned butter and vanilla into egg mixture  ( DO NOT OVER STIR )  . 	Spread batter into prepared pan . 	Sprinkle with sliced_almonds . 	Bake for 35 to 40 minutes or until golden brown and toothpick inserted in center comes out clean . 	Cover with aluminum foil during the last 10 minutes of baking . 	Run knife along inside of pan . 	Cool 15 minutes  ( Center will sink slightly upon cooling )  . 	Invert onto cooling rack . 	Invert again onto serving plate so torte is right-side up . 	Sprinkle with powdered_sugar . 	Serve warm or cool with cherry_pie_filling and whipped cream ,  if desired .
Put all ingredients in blender and puree . 	Add in water as necessary for creamy consistency .
Incorporate the ingredients well one by one into a plastic bag . 	If you are in a hurry ,  skip the next step . 	If baking the next day ,  which yields the best result ,  fold the opening of the bag under and let sit in a warm place for 20-30 minutes then let it sleep in fridge for about 18 hours . 	To bake ,  slip a desired sizes of dollops of dough out of your bag onto a baking paper ,  spray with water ,  let sit for 20-30 minutes . 	 ( It rises wider but not necessarily higher . 	 )  . 	Heat up oven to 220C or 450F with baking tray inside . 	Spray dough with more water and put the dough along with the baking paper onto the baking tray . 	Bake 15-25 minutes for small ones and 30-40 for large . 	Or ,  it is done when the color is right and the internal temperature reaches 80C or 175F If the color is getting too dark ,  cover with foil . 	Note :  If you want a not-so-flat bread ,  you may fold the dough a couple of times  ( Jim Laheys No Knead video )  or tuck the sides under  ( 5 minutes a day bread video )   . 	Note :  If the bottom has no color ,  flip and bake 5 more minutes . 	Note :  Just by adding the optional oil ,  this can become a low fat facaccia by poking some holes and brushing with some extra oil on top just before baking .
Mix ingredients together . 	Form into balls . 	Put onto ungreased cookie sheet . 	Press down . 	Bake at 350 degrees  ( don't over cook )  ;  watch because they burn easily .
1 . 	Mix the prawns with turmeric ,  vinegar ,  and salt and set aside for about 15 minutes . 	Be very careful not to marinate for much longer because the vinegars acidity dry the prawns out and make them tough . 	2 . 	If you are using tamarind_paste from a block  ( we were )  ,  add the paste to a small bowl and add some hot_water ,  enough to break it down into a paste . 	Let it steep for 10 minutes ,  stirring occasionally to soften it into more of a paste texture . 	Remove any seeds or stems as you might find them 3 . 	For the powdered spice mixture ,  grind the cumin_seeds ,  peppercorns ,  coriander_seeds and chili powder in either a mortar and pestle or using a coffee grinder . 	Break down into as fine a powder as possible . 	4 . 	Heat the coconut_oil on medium heat in a deep saute pan and add the onions . 	Fry for 57 minutes until the onions start to brown . 	5 . 	Throw in the chopped tomato and fry for an additional 34 minutes . 	6 . 	As the tomatoes begin to soften ,  add the garlic and ginger paste and fry for another 23 minutes . 	7 . 	Add the powdered spices and mix it all together . 	Fry for 2 minutes and add the coconut_milk ,  1/4 cup water and tamarind_paste . 	8 . 	Stir it all together ,  add the green chilis and sugar . 	Bring the liquid to a gentle simmer for 23 minutes . 	9 . 	Add the marinated prawns ,  coating them in the spiced sauce while stirring ,  until they turn pink ,  for no more than 4 minutes . 	Recipe adapted from Maunika Gowardhan .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F .  In a 9x13-inch casserole dish ,  stir together rice ,  beans ,  bell peppers ,  salsa ,  chicken_stock ,  and seasonings . 	Nestle the chicken down into the into the salsa mixture ;  sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper . 	Cover casserole dish with foil and bake for 4560 minutes ,  or until chicken reaches 160 degrees F .  Remove foil and sprinkle cheese all over ;  return to oven ,  uncovered ,  to melt cheese . 	Garnish with chopped scallions .
Preheat oven to 400 degree F . 	Slight grease a muffin pan . 	Cream the shortening ,  butter or margarine . 	Add the sugar and egg ,  mix well . 	Sift the flour ,  baking_powder and salt together . 	Add alternately with the milk to the creamed mixture . 	Mix lightly . 	The batter will be slightly lumpy . 	Add 1/2 cup fresh blueberries ,  lightly sprinkled with flour ,  to the batter . 	If frozen berries are used ,  thaw them and drain before using . 	Fill the muffin pan about 2/3 full . 	Bake 20 to 30 minutes .
In a large mixing bowl ,  mash enough berries to equal 3 cups . 	In a saucepan ,  combine the sugar and cornstarch . 	Stir in the mashed berries and water ;  mix well . 	Bring to a boil over medium heat ,  stirring constantly . 	Cook and stir for 2 minutes . 	Remove from the heat ;  add food_coloring if desired . 	Pour into a large bowl . 	Chill for 20 minutes ,  stirring occasionally ,  until mixture is just slightly warm . 	Fold in the remaining berries . 	Pile into pie shell . 	Chill for 2 to 3 hours . 	In a small mixing bowl ,  whip cream until soft peaks form . 	Sprinkle pudding mix over cream and whip until stiff . 	Pipe around edge of pie or dollop on individual slices .
Heat oven to 375 * F .  Spray 13 X 9 inch glass baking dish with cooking spray . 	In a large bowl mix soup ,  milk and Italian Seasoning . 	Stir in potatoes ,  chicken and thawed vegetables . 	Separate biscuit dough into 10 biscuits . 	Cut each into quarters and add to the potato mixture ,  stirring gently to mix well . 	Spoon into prepared baking dish . 	Bake uncovered ,  35 to 40 minutes or until top is deep golden brown and biscuits are no longer doughy inside . 	Sprinkle with cheese . 	Bake 4 to 6 minutes longer or until cheese is melted . 	 ( NOTE :  Because I can't get the refrigerated biscuits over here in England ,  I use my own homemade ones and have had no problems doing so ,  in fact they probably taste better ! 	 )  .
1 . 	In a large stainless-steel pan ,  bring the water to the boil ,  then allow it to simmer . 	Add the honey ,  stir and simmer ,  skimming off the scum when it appears . 	When no more scum forms  ( this can take up to 45 minutes )  ,  turn down the heat and add the lemon juice and peel to the mixture ,  along with the cloves and cinnamon_stick . 	Simmer for 5 minutes and then cover and set aside to cool to room temperature . 	2 . 	When cool ,  remove the cloves ,  lemon peel and cinnamon_stick and skim off any more scum completely . 	3 . 	Add the yeast and stir ,  then transfer into a sterilized 1-gallon fermentation jug with a fermentation lock . 	4 . 	Allow to ferment for 48 to 60 hours until bubbling ceases ,  and then siphon into sterilized bottles ,  carefully avoiding the layer of yeast at the bottom of the jug . 	5 . 	Seal tightly and store upright in the fridge for 5 to 7 days before opening . 	Drink within 2 weeks .
Using a food processor ,  puree the onion and garlic into a paste . 	Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat . 	Stir in the onion-garlic paste and ginger . 	Cook until most of the moisture evaporates ,  . 	Stir in the pumpkin ,  curry_powder ,  salt and pepper and cook for 1 minute . 	Mix in tomato_paste and cook for another 2-3 minutes . 	Add the broth ,  cover loosely and keep to a low simmer . 	Cook until the pumpkin is tender and the sauce has thickened slightly ,  10-12 minutes . 	Stir in chickpeas ,  cook until heated through ,  2-3 minutes . 	Garnish each bowl with raisins ,  almonnds and cilantro and serve with Basmati rice - Simply Delicious !
Boil potatoes . 	Simmer 25 minutes . 	Peel and dice . 	Combine with remaining ingredients .
Bring water and margarine to a boil in a saucepan ;  stir in stuffing mix . 	Cover and remove from heat . 	Let stand until stuffing is softened ,  about 5 minutes . 	Fluff with a fork . 	Spoon about 1/2 cup stuffing over each slice of turkey . 	Roll turkey around stuffing and arrange rolls in a microwave-safe dish ,  seam-side down . 	Pour gravy over rolls . 	Heat in a microwave on high until gravy is bubbly ,  about 5 minutes .
1 . 	Preheat your oven to 400 F and line a pizza pan with parchment paper . 	2 . 	In a large food processor ,  process the cauliflower until it is finely chopped and the texture of rice . 	I did mine in 4 batches . 	3 . 	Place the cauliflower into a large bowl and microwave for 7 minutes ,  stir ,  and microwave for an additional 7 minutes . 	Then ,  let the cauliflower stand until its cool enough to handle ,  10-15 minutes . 	3 . 	Dump the cauliflower into a thin kitchen towel  ( I did mine in two batches ,  see note )  and wring out all the excess moisture . 	Put some muscle into it and really get out as much as you can ,  as this is the key to a not-soggy crust . 	5 . 	Transfer the cauliflower back into a large bowl and add the garlic ,  salt ,  Italian season ,  a pinch of pepper and 1 1/3 cups of the Parmesan . 	Stir until well combined and then add the egg_whites ,  mixing until well combined . 	6 . 	Divide the cauliflower into 4 balls  ( about a heaping 1/2 cup each )  and spread each ball onto the pizza pan ,  leaving a ridge for the crust ,  to create 4 mini pizzas . 	7 . 	Bake until golden brown ,  about 30 minutes . 	8 . 	While the pizza bakes ,  combine the Greek yogurt ,  basil and garlic in a small food processor  ( mine is 3 cups )  until smooth and creamy ,  scraping the sides down as necessary . 	9 . 	With the food processor on ,  stream in the olive_oil until well mixed . 	Set aside . 	10 . 	Then ,  preheat your grill to medium-high heat . 	11 . 	Combine the sliced zucchini ,  tomato and olive_oil in a small bowl and season with a pinch of salt and pepper . 	Grill the veggies until charred ,  about 2-3 minutes a side . 	Place veggies onto a plate and set aside  ( see note )  . 	Keep your grill on . 	12 . 	Once the pizza crusts are cooked ,  remove them from the oven and preheat your broiler to high heat for 3 minutes . 	Take the remaining 4 tablespoons of cheese and sprinkle it onto the pizzas  ( 1 tablespoon each )  and broil for 2-3 minutes until golden brown and melted . 	13 . 	Spread some of the Greek yogurt sauce  ( see note )  on each pizza and then top with the grilled veggies and sprinkle with remaining cheese . 	14 . 	Place the pizzas onto the grill just until the cheese melts ,  about 2-3 minutes . 	15 . 	Devour immediately . 	Notes :  1 . 	Keep your tomato slices pretty thick ,  as its much easier to get off the BBQ that way ,  since they tend to stick 2 . 	I find the thinner the towel ,  the more water you are able to squeeze out . 	3 . 	If you have troubles getting the tomato off the grill ,  a fork will really help ! 	4 . 	You probably wont use all the sauce .  .  . but it makes a great veggie dip !
Once your eggs are hard boiled  ( I cook them for uncovered for 11 minutes in a pot of boiling water ,  then immediately place them in an ice bath for 5 minutes )  ,  peel and slice them in half lengthwise . 	Carefully squeeze the yolks into a small food processor . 	Add the yogurt ,  horseradish ,  pickle_juice ,  mustard ,  dill ,  and the salt and pepper . 	Blitz ,  blitz ,  blitz until nice and creamy . 	Taste it . 	Are you dancing ? 	Yeah . 	Transfer the mixture into a small sealable plastic bag . 	Cut a teeny hole in the corner ,  and squeeze the filling into each egg half . 	Garnish with more fresh_dill and see how little it takes for like ,  ALL of them to disappear .
PLACE salmon_fillets ,  skin sides down ,  in 13x9-inch baking dish coated with cooking spray . 	Mix spinach ,  tomato ,  mushrooms and dressing until well blended ;  spoon over salmon . 	Bake at 375F for 20 to 25 min .  ,  or until salmon flakes easily with a fork . 	BOIL pasta according to package instructions ;  drain . 	Place garlic and olive oil in pot . 	Add pasta back in ,  stir . 	SERVE each person evenly divided salmon and pasta . 	Add 8 fl oz CRYSTAL LIGHT to each person's meal .
Fry dry beef in pan . 	Sprinkle with flour and fold in pan . 	Add in a little water and the mushroom soup . 	Stir and then add in lowfat milk . 	Will serve 6 .
Dissolve Jello in boiling_water . 	Add remaining ingredients ,  EXCEPT sour_cream . 	Pour 1/2 of the mixture into a 9 "  x 12 "  pan . 	Let set until firm . 	Spread sour_cream over set mixture . 	Add remaining mixture ,  refrigerate until set .
Mix well . 	Pour on a greased skillet . 	Eat . 	 ( Seriously . 	Thats it .  )
Mix together the butter ,  chili ,  mustard and pepper until well blended ,  season with a little salt . 	Using a small sheet of baking parchment ,  roll the butter into a small cylinder and chill well . 	Meanwhile ,  griddle the steaks for 2-3 minutes on each side for a medium result or until desired  ( adjust timing for rare and well done )  . 	Slice the butter into discs and place on top of the steak and serve with a salad or seasonal vegetables .
Heat 1 tbsp oil in frying pan and cook the onion and garlic until starting to soften . 	Add the chili_powder ,  beans and seeds and cook for 3 minutes ,  mashing the beans with a fork . 	Put the stuffing mix in a bowl and pour over boiling_water . 	Mix well ,  then stir in bean mixture and season with salt_and_pepper . 	Divide the mixture into 4 and shape into burger patties . 	Heat the remaining oil in a clean pan and cook the burgers for 3 minutes on each side or until golden . 	Serve along side a garden salad ,  or in burger buns with lettuce ,  tomato etc .
Mix all solid ingredients . 	Stir in egg and buttermilk until a fairly tight batter forms -- use additional buttermilk if necessary . 	Fry in hot oil till browned on both sides -- traditionally the oil used to cook the fish .
Steam the vegetables in a stir-fry pan or wok ,  covered ,  until completely thawed . 	Drain well and transfer back to the stir-fry pan . 	Stir in the sauce and stir-fry over medium-high heat until the vegetables are tender-crisp . 	Add the tofu strips and toss gently . 	Cook just until heated through ,  and serve at once . 	Instant Tofu and Mixed Vegetable Stir-Fry  ( this page ) 	Asian Noodle Broth  ( page 22 ) 	Crisp raw vegetable platter	Calories :  134	Total Fat :  4g	Protein :  10g	Carbohydrate :  14g	Cholesterol :  0mg	Sodium :  400mg
Trim the chops of excess fat and season with salt and pepper . 	Heat the oil in a large ,  heavy frying pan on medium heat . 	Add the pork chops and cook for 68 minutes on each side ,  depending on thickness ,  until golden brown and the juices run clear . 	Transfer to a warm plate and cover with foil . 	To make the sauce ,  melt the butter in the pan . 	Add the shallot and cook ,  stirring often ,  for about 2 minutes ,  or until tender . 	Add the sherry ,  and cook for 1 minute ,  stirring up the browned bits in the pan . 	Add the stock and peppercorns and cook about 2 minutes ,  or until slightly reduced . 	Stir in the creme_fraiche . 	Spoon the sauce over the chops and serve immediately .
To make Dough :  Whisk together flours and salt in bowl . 	Cut or rub margarine into flour mixture until no large pieces remain . 	Stir in 3 to 4 Tbs . 	cold water until smooth dough forms . 	Wrap in plastic wrap ,  and chill while making Filling . 	To make Filling :  Heat oil in large pot over medium heat . 	Add leek ,  celery ,  carrots ,  and mushrooms ;  saute 5 to 7 minutes ,  or until tender . 	Stir in flour and garlic ,  and cook 1 minute . 	Add potatoes ,  broth ,  and poultry_seasoning . 	Cover ,  and bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat to medium-low ,  and simmer 10 minutes . 	Stir in cashew butter  ( if using )  ,  and cook 1 minute more . 	Remove from heat ,  and stir in asparagus ,  peas ,  and corn . 	Preheat oven to 400F . 	Roll out Dough to 1/8-inch thickness . 	Cut into 8 4-inch rounds . 	Divide Filling among 8 1-cup ramekins . 	Place dough rounds on top ,  pressing dough around sides of ramekins with fork to crimp and seal . 	Poke hole in top of each pot pie . 	Place pot pies on baking sheet ,  and bake 30 to 40 minutes ,  or until tops are golden brown . 	Let stand 5 minutes before serving .
Peel and cut potatoes . 	Brown the hamburg . 	Boil the peeled and cut potatoes for 20 min . 	Drain the hamburg . 	Drain the potatoes . 	Mash the potatoes  ( as if you were making mashed potatoes )  . 	Add in 1 egg ,  lowfat milk ,  salt_and_pepper to taste . 	Add in grnd beef and mix together . 	Add in jar of gravy and mix . 	Spoon into bottom of 3 pie shells . 	Cover with a pie shell . 	Healthy pinch the edges . 	Make 3-5 cuts in top of pie shell . 	Bake at 350 degrees approximately 1 hour or possibly till golden . 	Serve with gravy or possibly ketchup . 	Makes 3 pies .
Combine eggs and milk . 	Sift flour ,  baking_powder ,  and salt together and add to egg mix and beat til smooth . 	if too thick add milk-if too thin add flour . 	Heat oil to about 360 degrees . 	pour 1/2 cup of the batter into a funnel and drizzle into the oil . 	Form a circle with your drizzles . 	Fry until golden brown . 	flip and fry the other side just a bit . 	drain on paper towen and top with powdered_sugar to your liking .
Heat oven to 250 degrees . 	Pat pork dry ,  sprinkle with herbs and season to taste with salt and pepper . 	Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat . 	Brown pork well on all sides . 	Transfer pork to a large plate . 	Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to pot . 	If using butt or shoulder ,  drain all but 2 tablespoons oil from pot as these are cuts with fat versus the loin . 	Add the shallots and cook about 3 minutes . 	Add the apples and sugar and cook about 5 minutes . 	Off the heat ,  return the pork and any accumulate juices to the pot . 	Place a sheet of foil over the pot and press to seal ,  then cover tightly with a lid . 	Transfer the pot to the oven and cook until pork reaches an internal temperature of about 145 degrees ,  about 35 to 55 minutes  ( 160F for butt  &  shoulder ,  about 85 minutes )  . 	Remove pot from oven and transfer pork to a cutting board ,  tent loosely with the foil and let rest 5 to 10 minutes . 	Stir butter into the apple-shallot mixture ,  season with salt and pepper . 	Slice the pork and serve with apple-shallot mixture .
Heat oven to 350 degrees F . 	Toss tomatoes with next 3 ingredients in large bowl ;  spread onto bottom of 12x8-inch baking dish . 	Bake 1 hour ;  cool . 	Chop tomatoes coarsely ,  reserving any juices . 	Brown sausage in large skillet on medium-high heat ,  stirring occasionally ;  drain ,  if necessary . 	Stir in spinach ;  cook on medium heat 2 to 3 min . 	or just until spinach is wilted ,  stirring occasionally . 	Stir in tomatoes ,  reserved juices and 2 Tbsp . 	Parmesan . 	Remove from heat . 	Place bread ,  cut sides up ,  on baking sheet ;  top with half the mozzarella . 	Cover with sausage mixture . 	Bake 12 min . 	 ;  top with remaining mozzarella and Parmesan . 	Bake 8 min . 	or until mozzarella is melted . 	Sprinkle with oregano .
Bake potatoes at 400 degrees F on oven rack 1 hour or until soft . 	Cool ,  remove skins . 	Place potatoes in a large bowl ;  add butter . 	Beat potatoes at medium speed with an electric beater until mashed . 	Stir in jalapenos ,  1 cup cheese ,  salt and pepper . 	Spoon mixture into a lightly greased 9 X 13 "  or 3 quart shallow baking dish ;  srinklle remaining 1 cup cheese over top . 	Bake at 400 degrees F for 30 minutes or until the edges are bubbly and the cheese is melted . 	Heat broiler . 	Broil casserole 3 minutes or until cheese is golden and crispy .
Season chops with salt and pepper . 	Bake ,  covered ,  at 350 for 25 minutes . 	Uncover chops and put apple pieces over each one . 	Dot with butter and sprinkle with brown_sugar . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  another 15-20 minutes more ,  depending on the size of your pork_chops .
Wash the potatoes . 	In a large covered saucepan ,  cook the whole potatoes in enough boiling salted water to cover for 20 to 25 minutes or until almost tender ;  drain . 	Chill several hours or overnight . 	Peel the potatoes ;  shred enough to make 3 cups . 	Combine the shredded potatoes ,  onion ,  garlic ,  salt ,  and pepper . 	In a 10-inch skillet ,  melt the butter . 	Using a spatula ,  pat the potato mixture into the skillet ,  leaving a 1/2 inch space around the edge . 	Cook potato mixture ,  uncovered ,  over low heat about 20 minutes or until the underside is crisp and golden brown . 	Use a spatula to loosen the potatoes from the skillet . 	Place a plate or baking sheet on top the skillet . 	Invert the skillet to remove the potatoes . 	If necessary ,  add more butter to the skillet . 	Slide the potato cake back into the skillet ,  browned side up ;  cook the unbrowned side for 5 minutes . 	Sprinkle the shredded cheese on top of the potato cake ;  cover ,  and cook 5 minutes more or until the potatoes are golden brown and the cheese is melted . 	Cut the potato cake into four wedges and serve . 	Garnish with sliced green onions ,  cut parsley ,  or sour cream if you wish .
Preheat oven to 350Boil Pierogies for about 5-8 minutes . 	Then drain . 	In a small skillet ,  melt margarine . 	Saute onion and green_pepper for about 5 minutes . 	In a 2 quart casserole ,  combine drained pierogies with onion and green_peppers . 	Blend milk and soup and pour over casserole . 	Top with Cheese . 	Bake in 350 oven for 35 minutes .
Mix honey and oil and warm slightly . 	Mix egg_yolk in warm milk . 	Add honey and oil to flour and salt . 	Then add egg and milk mixture gradually to the flour mixture . 	Divide dough into three equal pieces . 	Working with one piece at a time ,  roll out very thin to dinner plate size . 	Score dough using a shot glass for the center ,  then a saucer and next a salad plate  ( or whatever works to make approximateyl three equal outer circles )  . 	Then score twelve spokes out from the center circle . 	Bake on cookie sheet for 10 minutes at 350 degrees . 	Wrap while still warm . 	Store in refrigerator or freezer . 	Makes three flat loaves .
Puree all in blender until smooth .
Boil potato wedges until tender . 	In 13 inch by 9 inch baking dish ,  add all ingredients ,  tossing to coat potatoes . 	Bake at 425 degrees for 20 to 25 minutes or until potatoes are lightly browned ,  turning potatoes half way through cooking time .
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat . 	Cut kernels off corn . 	In a bowl ,  mix together corn kernels ,  butter ,  mayonnaise ,  sour_cream ,  cotija cheese ,  chili_powder ,  and lime juice and zest . 	Season with salt and pepper to taste . 	Place corn mixture on an 18 x 18-inch sheet of Reynolds Wrap Heavy Duty Aluminum Foil . 	Form a packet ,  sealing folds well . 	Grill over high heat for about 25 minutes . 	Carefully open packet and top with cilantro . 	Serve with lime_wedges .
Mis thoroughly and put into a blender or food processor a couple of cups at a time and blend or process to a fine powder . 	To use :  . 	add approximately 2 rounded teaspoons per cup of boiling water or less . to suit your own personal taste .
Use a pair of kitchen shears to cut through the backs of the shrimp and remove the veins . 	Place in a large casserole dish . 	In a medium bowl ,  combine the olive_oil ,  lemon juice ,  marjoram ,  lemon_zest ,  kosher_salt and pepper . 	Whisk to combine ,  and drizzle the marinade over the shrimp . 	Cover the shrimp with plastic wrap and refrigerate for up to 2 hours ,  turning the shrimp to the other side after the first hour . 	Preheat the grill to high heat . 	Remove the shrimp from the marinade and place on the grill . 	Cook for 3 1/2 minutes . 	Turn over and cook for another 3 1/2 minutes . 	Remove from the grill and place on a large platter . 	Season the shrimp with the sea salt and sprinkle with the chopped parsley . 	Serve with lemon wedges .
Cut cabbage in pieces 1 inch long and 1 inch wide . 	Sprinkle 2 tablespoons salt on cabbage ,  mix well and let sit 15 minutes . 	Cut green onions and tops in 1 1/2 inch lengths ,  then cut again lengthwise into thin slices . 	Wash salted cabbage three times with cold water ;  drain and add the onions ,  garlic ,  chile ,  ginger and one tablespoon salt . 	Cover with water ,  mix well . 	Cover container and let stand for a few days . 	Taste mixture every day . 	When it is fermented and acid enough ,  cover and refrigerate up to 2 weeks .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F . 	Arrange sweet_potatoes in an even layer in a 9-by-13-inch glass baking dish . 	Combine maple syrup ,  butter ,  lemon_juice ,  salt and pepper in a small bowl . 	Pour the mixture over the sweet_potatoes ;  toss to coat . 	Cover and bake the sweet_potatoes for 15 minutes . 	Uncover ,  stir and cook ,  stirring every 15 minutes ,  until tender and starting to turn brown ,  45 to 50 minutes more .
Remove stems from mushrooms and reserve stems . 	Trim  " woody "  end of stems . 	Heat oil in large skillet . 	Add sausage and garlic to skillet and cook til sausage is no longer pink . 	let cool a bit . 	Combine all remaining ingredients including stems--reserving a 1/2 cup of mozzarella-- into the work bowl of a food processor . 	Pulse about ten times til combined ,  do not overmix . 	Mixture should have texture . 	Top each mushroom caps equally with  ( about a tablespoon )  stuffing . 	Place in greased--9 x 13 baking dish--may need 2 dishes depending on size of mushrooms---top with reserved mozzarella . 	Bake at 350F for 20 minutes . 	Serve hot or at room temperature . 	Enjoy !
Preheat oven to 450 degrees . 	Arrange bacon in single layer on large rimmed baking sheet . 	Cook until browned . 	Add brussels sprouts in a single layer ,  season with salt and pepper and toss with bacon . 	Roast until they begin to turn brown . 	Toss in apple pieces and roast until brussels sprouts are browned and softened and apple has softened . 	Remove from oven ,  toss with red_wine_vinegar and serve immediately .
Finely chop up chocolate and place in a heatproof bowl along with the butter . 	In a small saucepan ,  bring the heavy_cream and orange_zest to a boil over medium heat . 	Pour through a fine mesh strainer over the chocolate and let the mixture sit for about a minute . 	Whisk the chocolate until smooth and completely melted then add in the Grand_Marnier . 	Pour the mixture into a 8x8 inch baking dish and allow to come to room temperature ,  then place in the fridge for about an hour until the ganache has firmed up . 	Use a melon baller to scoop the ganache and shape into balls by rolling between the palms of your hands . 	Place onto parchment paper and let the truffles sit until they are firm enough to handle ,  then roll in cocoa powder to coat .
Mix baking_soda ,  teaspoon water and vanilla . 	Set a side . 	Mix sugar ,  1/2 cup water and corn syrup in a heavy pot . 	Stirring constantly . 	Cook over medium heat unitl it reaches 240 *  on candy thermometer . 	Add butter and nuts . 	Cook until mixture reaches 290 *  on candy thermometer . 	Immediatly turn off heat . 	Quickly stir in baking_soda mixture until light and fluffy . 	Pour onto greased half sheet pan ,  spray with cooking spray . 	Roll with a marble rolling pin until about 1/4 inch thick . 	Cool completely :  at least 1 hour . 	Break into small pieces and store in an air tight container . 	Makes about 3 lbs .
Combine garlic ,  honey ,  lemon_juice ,  soy_sauce ,  salt and pepper ,  and marinate steak strips in this overnight in a plastic zipper bag . 	The next day ,  cover oven rack beneath with foil for easy clean-up . 	Preheat oven to 180 degrees F . 	Place slices on a baking rack ,  prop oven door slightly with an oven mitt to allow humidity to escape ,  and dry meat on racks . 	In my oven ,  the process took about 6-1/2 hours . 	Check meat after 5 hours ;  it could take as long as 7 hours . 	Blot any grease spots that may come up .
This rub works really well with any cut of chicken . 	Seasoned meat well and refrigerate for up to 24 hours . 	The longer the time the better the flavor .
Combine all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth . 	Serve immediately and enjoy !
Heat 2 tablespoons of olive_oil in a medium saucepan at medium-high heat . 	Add chopped onions and saute until translucent ,  about 10 minutes . 	Add flour and butter ,  whisking constantly to create a roux . 	Reduce to medium heat ,  and add heavy_cream and chicken_stock . 	Add cheeses in increments ,  stirring constantly so cheese does not stick to bottom . 	Reduce to low-medium heat and let simmer for 15 minutes ,  or until thick . 	Stir occasionally . 	Add salt_and_pepper to taste ,  if needed . 	If soup is not as thick as you would like ,  add flour by the tablespoon ,  stiring until it thickens . 	Add half of chopped red_pepper and half of bacon to soup ,  stirring to mix . 	Let simmer for 5 more minutes . 	Serve in soups bowls . 	Garnish with remaining bacon and red_pepper .
First pulse strawberries in blender or food processer until not chunky anymore . 	Then add the yogurt . 	Once that's combined add protein powder ,  blend and ENJOY !
Put oatmeal into a bowl ,  and mix with water to create a thick paste . 	Let stand for 1/2 hour . 	In the next step ,  the aim is to save the liquid- not the oatmeal ! 	Strain the liquid through a fine strainer or sieve into bowl . 	Press with back of spoon to extract all liquid ,  and then throw away the oatmeal . 	Mix the liquid with honey ,  and stir until well-blended . 	Pour into quart bottle ,  fill up with Scotch_whisky ,  and cork the bottle tightly . 	Always shake before using .
In large bowl ,  mix all meatball ingredients except butter . 	Shape into one-inch balls . 	Cook in covered skillet over medium-low heat in 2 TBSP butter for 15 minutes ,  turning occasionally . 	Remove meatballs to bowl and cover to keep warm . 	Mix meatball drippings with 1/4 cup water and bouillon cube . 	Bring to boil ,  reduce heat ,  and cook for 1-2 minutes . 	Add flour  ( sifted over pan )  ,  stir ,  and cook to thicken for one minute . 	Stir in sour_cream and barely heat through before serving over meatballs .
Preheat oven to 375F . 	Grease muffin tin . 	Sift together the flour ,  cornmeal ,  baking_powder ,  salt ,  and cayenne in a bowl and set aside . 	In another large bowl ,  beat together buttermilk ,  butter and sugar . 	Mix in the eggs ,  then the corn ,  blending well after each addition . 	Add the flour mixture ,  and stir to combine lightly . 	Spoon half of the batter  ( it will be stiff )  into the greased muffin tins ,  filling each cup just 1/3 full . 	Drop about 1 teaspoon of jelly on top of the batter in each cup . 	Top with the remaining batter ,  covering the jelly completely . 	Bake at 375 degrees for 20-25 minutes ,  or until they are a deep golden . 	Serve warm with butter .
To make Ravioli :  Place tomatoes and salt in colander over bowl ;  drain 30 minutes to 3 hours . 	Discard juice . 	Peel bell peppers with vegetable peeler ,  then finely dice . 	Heat 1 Tbs . 	oil in skillet over medium heat . 	Add peppers ,  and saute 5 to 7 minutes ,  or until soft . 	Transfer to bowl ,  and keep warm . 	Wipe out skillet ,  add 1 Tbs . 	oil ,  and heat over medium heat . 	Add squash ,  and saute 3 to 5 minutes ,  or until tender . 	Add to peppers in bowl . 	Wipe out skillet ,  add 1 Tbs . 	oil ,  and heat over medium-high heat . 	Add eggplants ,  and saute 5 to 7 minutes ,  or until browned and tender . 	Add to peppers and squash in bowl . 	Stir in tomatoes ,  and keep warm . 	Cut each lasagna noodle into 1 circle and 1 hand shape with tip of knife . 	Drop in large pot of boiling salted water ,  and cook according to package directions for al dente . 	Drain ,  and set on paper towels . 	Toast pine_nuts in small dry skillet 3 to 5 minutes ,  or until golden and fragrant . 	Transfer to bowl ,  and keep warm . 	Plump raisins in boiling water 5 minutes . 	Drain ,  and set aside . 	To make Lemon Sauce :  Whisk together almond_milk ,  lemon_juice ,  cornstarch ,  lemon_zest ,  and oil in large saucepan . 	Season with salt and pepper ,  if desired ,  and bring to a boil over medium heat . 	Cook 3 to 5 minutes ,  or until sauce thickens slightly ,  stirring constantly . 	Keep warm . 	To assemble :  Gently place pasta circles in center of 6 plates . 	Top each with 1 cup vegetable mixture ,  and sprinkle with 1 tsp . 	raisins ,  1 Tbs . 	pine_nuts ,  and 1/2 tsp . 	savory . 	Spoon 1/2 cup Lemon Sauce over each serving ,  and top with pasta hand shapes .
Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter over medium heat in a small pan . 	Add the tomatoes and scallions and season with salt and pepper . 	Saute for 2 minutes ,  then stir in the cream and let it reduce for 10 minutes over low heat ,  stirring occasionally . 	Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat . 	Add 2 tablespoons of butter to the skillet and melt it . 	Add the bread slices and cook for 3 to 4 minutes on each side . 	Transfer the slices to a platter . 	Add a drizzle of EVOO to the same pan and cook the Canadian_bacon for 2 to 3 minutes on each side . 	Place 2 slices of bacon on each slice of bread . 	Add the remaining tablespoon of butter to the pan . 	When it has melted ,  carefully add the eggs ,  giving each room to cook . 	Fry over soft or hard ,  as you like . 	Cover the eggs with mounds of cheese . 	Tent the pan in foil to melt the cheese . 	Place each cheesy egg on a bacon-topped slice of bread . 	Ladle the tomato cream sauce over each stack . 	Eggcellent ,  eh ?
For honey glaze ,  combine honey ,  lavender and garlic in a microwave-safe bowl and heat 30 seconds to release the rflavor of the garlic and lavender . 	Set aside . 	For the lamb ,  preheat oven to 375 degrees F .  In a large saute pan ,  add butter and olive oil . 	Saute pearl onions until slightly golden . 	Add fava_beans and potatoes and saute 5-8 minmutes over medium heat . 	Season with salt_and_pepper to taste . 	Into the same saute pan ,  add the red_wine and let it reduce by half . 	Add lamb or beef stock and reduce until it's a sauce consistency . 	 ( It should coat the back of a metal spoon )  . 	Add the chilled butter ,  ground nutmeg and fresh thme . 	reduce the heat to low . 	In another saute pan ,  add olive oil . 	Let pan get very hot ,  but not smoking . 	Season lamb racks with salt_and_pepper . 	Sear lamb in hot pan until golden on all sides . 	Place lamb and saute pan into oven ,  cook until medium rare  ( or a 15-second internal temperature of 135 )  . 	Liberally brush the honey mixture over the lamb . 	return to the oven for about 7 mimnutes . 	Let lamb rest for 10 minutes . 	Taste ragout mix for proper seasoning ,  adding salt or pepper ,  if needed . 	To serve ,  spoon the ragout into the center of a platter . 	Slice the lamb into  " chops "  and pour over ragout . 	sprinkle with chives .
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F . 	In a Dutch oven ,  cook the bacon until nice and crispy . 	Remove the bacon to a paper towel-lined plate to drain and crumble when cooled . 	Pat the chicken dry and season on all sides with salt and pepper . 	Sear the chicken on all sides in the pan with the rendered bacon fat ,  until the outside is brown and crispy . 	Remove the chicken to a plate and add the fennel to the pan . 	Season with salt and pepper ,  to taste ,  and saute until caramelized and tender ,  about 10 minutes . 	Add a little water if the fennel starts to burn . 	Pour in the beer and bring it to a simmer . 	Nestle the chicken and all resting juices ,  breast side down ,  in the fennel and beer . 	Cover and transfer the pan to the oven . 	Roast for 35 to 45 minutes ,  flipping the chicken over after 20 minutes . 	Remove the pan from the oven and put over low heat . 	Remove the chicken pieces to a warmed serving platter . 	Add the vinegar to the sauce and simmer to reduce to a thicker consistency ,  about 5 minutes . 	Pour the sauce over the chicken pieces ,  top with crumbled bacon and serve immediately . 	If you want a smoother sauce ,  just strain the sauce after it has reduced .
If using a pumpkin ,  cut it in half ,  remove and discard seeds . 	Trim and discard stringy part . 	Cut each half into four sections ,  and each of those sections into thirds ,  so that each piece is about 2-by-2 inches . 	Do not peel the pumpkin . 	In a four-quart saucepan ,  bring water ,  sugar and cinnamon to a boil . 	Add pumpkin pieces ,  and simmer until tender ,  about 50 minutes ;  do not overcook . 	Transfer pumpkin to a serving platter with some of the syrup . 	Serve warm . 	Or even better ,  serve it the next day ,  when the syrup infuses the pumpkin or potatoes .
Combine cucumber ,  cabbage ,  and onion in a bowl . 	Bring the rice_vinegar ,  sugar ,  1/2 cup water and salt ,  to taste ,  to a boil in saucepan ,  stirring ,  and immediately pour over cucumber mixture . 	Toss mixture and let stand at room temperature ,  stirring occasionally ,  for 10 minutes . 	To cool quickly ,  chill in freezer 15 minutes .
Combine all ingredients in a bowl ;  mix well . 	Refrigeratetill using .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	Melt the butterscotch_chips and butter together in a microwave-safe glass or ceramic bowl in 30-second intervals ,  stirring after each melting ,  for 1 to 3 minutes  ( depending on your microwave )  . 	Stir butterscotch chip mixture and graham_cracker_crumbs together in a bowl . 	Press 1/2 the graham cracker crumb mixture into the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish . 	Beat condensed_milk ,  cream_cheese ,  egg ,  and vanilla_extract with an electric mixer until light and fluffy . 	Pour cream_cheese mixture over the graham cracker crumb mixture in the baking dish . 	Spread remaining 1/2 graham cracker mixture on top of cream_cheese mixture . 	Bake in the preheated oven until set ,  25 to 30 minutes . 	Chill completely before cutting .
Cover the sausages with cold water ;  bring to the boil and simmer about 5 minutes . 	Drain ,  cool ,  remove skins and cut each into 4 or 5 pieces . 	Heat the oil in a large saucepan and fry the onion ,  garlic and ginger ,  carrots and potatoes ,  stirring until the onions are soft . 	Add the curry_powder and cook a minute or two . 	Add the tomato_paste ,  chutney ,  apple sauce ,  stock and coconut_milk . 	Stir well ,  then return the sausage chunks to the saucepan . 	Bring too the boil then cover and simmer about 45 minutes . 	Remove the lid and allow to cook about 15 minutes more to reduce the sauce a bit . 	If you cant be bothered ,  mix two tablespoon cornflour  ( corn starch )  with 2 tablespoons water and stir this through to thicken . 	1 cup of peas can be added in the last 15 minutes as well . 	Season with salt_and_pepper and serve garnished with copped fresh_coriander .
Mix and sift flour ,  baking_soda ,  pwdr and salt ;  add in nuts and mix . 	Cream butter and add in sugar gradually and cream till fluffy . 	Add in well-beaten egg and chocolate . 	Add in extract to lowfat milk . 	Add in dry ingredients alternately with lowfat milk to creamed mix ,  mixing just sufficient after each addition to combine ingredients . 	Drop by spoonfuls on ungreased baking sheets . 	Bake in a preheated oven for 12 min . 	When cold spread with chocolate frosting . 	Frosting :  Combine chocolate ,  slightly beaten egg_yolk ,  and cream ;  add in sugar and mix well .
Heat a large saucepan over medium heat . 	Add the butter ,  oil and onion . 	Cook for 6 to 8 minutes or until soft and golden . 	Place the stock in a separate saucepan . 	Cover and bring to a slow simmer . 	Add the rice and lemon_rind to the onion mixture ,  stirring over medium heat for 2 minutes or until the rice is translucent . 	Add the hot stock 1 cup at a time ,  stirring continuously ,  until each cup of stock is absorbed and the rice is al dente  ( around 25-30 minutes )  . 	To serve ,  stir through the parmesan ,  extra butter ,  salt and pepper . 	Serve immediately .
Preheat oven to 350F ;  lightly grease a standard loaf pan with butter . 	In a medium bowl ,  whisk together the flour ,  cornmeal ,  sugar ,  baking_powder ,  and salt . 	Add the cream-style corn ,  corn ,  butter ,  and oil and stir just until combined . 	Pour the batter into prepared pan and bake for 1 hour . 	 ( Adapted from a combination of Keeping it Simples recipe for Corn Casserole and CD Kitchens recipe for Jiffy Corn Muffin Mix Clone .  )
In a bowl ,  cover wood_chips with water . 	Ignite charcoal  ( 25 per side for 22 "  Webber Grill )  for indirect cooking . 	Let coals burn down until completely covered with gray ash . 	Using a double thickness of heavy-duty foil ,  make a boat big enough to hold the fish . 	Poke holes in the bottom of the foil so barbeque flavors can penetrate bottom of the fish . 	Lay salmon on foil ,  flesh side up . 	Drizzle filet  ( s )  with melted butter ,  using all of it . 	When coals are ready ,  scatter drained wood_chips on top of them . 	Place salmon on grill . 	Cover barbeque ;  close top dampers halfway ,  leave bottom dampers open . 	Cook for 20-25 minutes ,  until fish is done to your liking .
Heat grill . 	On 24X18 inch sheet of heavy duty foil ,  combine potatoes and carrots ;  drizzle with 3 Tbsp orange juice concentrate . 	Sprinkle with thyme and salt . 	Wrap packet securely using double fold seals ,  allowing room for heat expansion . 	Meanwhile ,  cut pork_tenderloin lengthwise ,  cutting almost to but not through bottom . 	Open tenderloin ;  press to flatten slightly . 	Brush both sides of pork with 2 Tsp orange juice concentrate . 	Sprinkle both sides with pepper . 	When ready to grill ,  place foil packet of medium coals or gas grill . 	Charcaol 4 to 6 inches from coals . 	Cook 10 minutes . 	Turn packet over ;  Place pork on grill . 	Cook 7 minutes . 	Turn pork ;  cook an additional 4 to 6 minutes until no longer pink in center and vegetables are tender . 	Open packet carefully to allow steam to escape . 	To serve ,  cut pork on slices ;  serve with vegetables .
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F .  Using a pencil ,  draw an 8-by-10-inch rectangle on a piece of parchment paper . 	Turn the parchment paper over so the pencil mark doesn't get onto the chocolate and place it on a sheet pan . 	Place the pistachios in one layer on another sheet pan and bake for 8 minutes . 	Set aside to cool . 	Place three quarters of the white_chocolate in a heat-proof glass bowl and put it in the microwave on high for 30 seconds . 	 ( Time it with your watch for accuracy .  ) 	Stir the chocolate with a rubber spatula ,  return it to the microwave for another 30 seconds ,  then stir again . 	Continue to heat and stir in 30-second intervals until the chocolate is just melted . 	Immediately stir in the remaining chocolate and allow it to sit at room temperature ,  stirring often ,  until it's completely smooth . 	 ( If you need to heat it a little more ,  place it in the microwave for another 15 seconds .  ) 	Pour the melted chocolate onto the parchment paper and spread it lightly to fill the drawn rectangle . 	Sprinkle the top evenly with the cooled pistachios ,  the cranberries ,  and apricots . 	Press the nuts and fruit lightly so they will set in the chocolate . 	Set aside for at least 2 hours until firm or refrigerate for 20 minutes . 	Cut or break the bark in 16 pieces and serve at room temperature .
Make your marinade in a medium mixing bowl by whisking together apple_cider ,  olive_oil ,  honey ,  garlic ,  Dijon_mustard ,  cayenne_pepper ,  salt ,  pepper ,  and cornstarch . 	Measure 3/4 cup of marinade into a small sauce pan ,  add golden_raisins ,  and cover . 	Set aside remaining marinade in a mixing bowl for the pork . 	Place the sauce pan in the refrigerator and allow the golden_raisins to marinate and become plump while the pork marinates . 	Place the pork into marinade in mixing bowl and refrigerate for 68 hours . 	If you work or have a busy day ahead ,  this is ideal to prep in the morning ,  making dinner prep much easier at the end of a long day . 	Remove pork and sauce pan with raisins from the refrigerator 30 minutes prior to cooking and allow both to come to room temperature . 	Cook pork on a grill or on the stovetop over medium-high heat ,  flipping and basting with leftover marinade midway . 	Depending on the size of your pork chops ,  you will only need to cook them 35 minutes on each side . 	The pork is done when there is a small amount of pale pink in the center with white outer edges . 	Allow meat to rest for a few minutes on a plate while you place the saucepan with the marinade and raisins on medium heat . 	Simmer and stir frequently until sauce is heated through and thickened . 	If you cooked your pork on the stovetop ,  be sure to cook the sauce in the pan that the pork was cooked in to pull up any of that extra flavor that was left over from cooking . 	Remove from the heat ,  add the chops to the pan ,  and coat them in the apple_cider sauce . 	Serve immediately .
Line 3 baking sheets with lightly buttered Silicone liner or parchment paper . 	Separate egg_whites into an extra large mixing bowl . 	Pre-measure all other ingredients into appropriat size bowls or measuring cups . 	Add two pinches of sea_salt to egg_whites and beat them with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form . 	Beat in arrowroot . 	Slowly beat in agave_syrup and vanilla . 	Fold in coconut . 	Drop by spoonfuls onto parchment paper . 	Bake at 300 degrees for about 1/2 hour ,   ( in convection oven about 24 minutes )  until lightly browned  ( rotate pans to insure even baking )  . 	Reduce heat to 200 degrees and bake another hour or so ( convection about 35-40 minutes )  ,  until macaroons are completely dry and crisp . 	Let cool completely before removing from parchment paper . 	Store in airtight container .
Saute' the onions in hot oil until they are translucent . 	Add the garlic and saute' briefly . 	Remove mixture from the heat . 	Soak the bread crumbs in water . 	Squeeze out any excess moisture . 	Combine the bread crumbs ,  onion ,  and garlic . 	Add the lamb ,  pine_nuts ,  beaten eggs ,  tahnini ,  parsley ,  salt ,  pepper ,  and spices . 	Mix them together gently but thoroughly . 	Shape the mixture into patties and chill the patties . 	Grill or broil the patties to doneness .
Prep your muffin pan with a little non-stick spray and preheat the oven to 375F . 	In a large mixing bowl ,  combine the flour ,  sugar ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda ,  salt and lemon zest . 	Use a whisk to break up any lumps and thoroughly combine . 	Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and add the sour_cream ,  eggs ,  butter ,  lemon juice ,  and lemon_extract . 	Mix together with the whisk quickly until the batter is moist but combined . 	It shouldn't take more than 30 seconds or 20 strokes . 	Expect the batter to be thick and a little lumpy . 	If it seems overly thick  ( there will be some variation in moisture content between sour_creams )  feel free to add a splash more lemon juice . 	Divide the batter between the wells in your muffin pan  ( roughly 3/4 full )  and sprinkle with coarse_sugar ,  if desired . 	Bake for 16-24 minutes  ( depending on the size of your muffin )  until the muffins are light golden brown on top and a toothpick comes out clean . 	Do not over bake . 	Allow the muffins to sit in their tins on a wire rack for 5 minutes to cool . 	Then tap them out of the pan . 	Serve slightly warm or at room temperature .
Mix apple_butter and crumbs until well blended . 	Press about 1 cup of the crumb mixture firmly onto bottom of each of 4  ( 9-inch )  springform pans  ( or 1 springform pan for trial recipe )  . 	Refrigerate while preparing pudding . 	Prepare pudding mix with milk as directed on package . 	Stir in orange_zest ;  spoon evenly over crusts . 	Refrigerate 30 minutes or until chilled . 	Mix coffee granules and water in large bowl of electric mixer fitted with wire whip attachment . 	Add whipped topping mix ;  beat on high speed 4 minutes or until stiff peaks form . 	Spread 2 cups of the whipped topping mixture over pudding in each crust . 	Garnish with the remaining whipped topping and the oranges . 	Refrigerate at least 30 minutes or until chilled .
Heat bacon fat and butter in heavy saucepan over medium-low heat . 	Add in onions and saute/fry till clear ,  add in celery and cook gently for about 5 min . 	Add in seafood products and saute/fry in saucepan at medium-high heat to coat ,  flavor and brown slightly . 	Add in flour ,  and lowfat milk ,  stirring well to avoid lumps . 	Add in remaining ingredients ,  except peas ,  in order of required cooking time  ( ie potatoes ,  zucchini ,  tomatoes ,  peppers ,  etc )  . 	Add in wine and season to taste . 	Heat till heated through ,  but don't boil . 	Add in peas about 20 min before serving . 	Use lowfat milk to thin as necessary . 	If chowder is to be frzn prior to serving ,  don't add in the lowfat milk till reheating . 	This recipe yields 12 servings . 	Comments :  Sealegs are imitation crab meat ,  usually pollock with crab flavoring .
Mix sugar and flour togather . 	Add enough milk to sugar/flour to make paste . 	Stir in egg yolks to paste . 	Stir in remaining milk . 	Cook over double boiler until thick . 	Add strawberries . 	Cook about 5 minutes . 	Remove from heat . 	Add butter and vanilla . 	Stir . 	Line bottom of a 10 cup or 2 . 5 L bowl with vanilla_wafers . 	 ( recipe calls for Jackson wafers but I use Nilla brand ) 	Pour half of strawberry mixture over wafers . 	Repeat layers . 	May make meringue with egg whites or top with whipped cream .
Bring a saucepan of water to a boil ,  and add the green beans . 	Reduce the heat and simmer 3 to 5 minutes . 	Drain ,  rinse under cold water ,  and pat dry . 	Set aside . 	Melt the butter in a medium-size saucepan ,  and add the shallots . 	Saute over medium heat for 3 minutes . 	Stir in the stock ,  cream ,  and mustard ,  and cook until the mixture is just slightly thickened ,  5 minutes . 	Then add the beans and toss them in the sauce until well coated and heated through ,  2 minutes . 	Season the beans with salt and pepper ,  and serve immediately .
Note :  the prep time includes cooling down the filling . 	Bake pie_crust as directed . 	In the top of a double boiler ,  heat condensed milk ,  chocolate ,  and salt ,  stirring constantly till thick . 	Add water or coffee slowly . 	Stir till blended . 	Stir occasionally till thickened again . 	Cool to room temperature . 	Stir in vanilla . 	Optional :  with a brush ,  paint melted chocolate on the bottom of the crust ,  sprinkle with nuts and /or coconut . 	Beat whipping_cream till stiff peaks form and fold into the chocolate mixture . 	Pour into baked and cooled pie_crust . 	Top with Cool_Whip and refrigerate till cold .
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F . 	Heat 1 tablespoon olive_oil in skillet over medium heat and saute onions until tender ,  about 8 minutes . 	Place tomatoes in a single layer in large roasting pan ,  add onions ,  2 more tablespoons olive_oil ,  garlic ,  basil ,  salt ,  sugar and crushed red pepper . 	Toss to coat thoroughly ,  and roast until tomatoes are tender but not mushy ,  about 2 hours .
Slice the kabocha into 5-6 mm slices . 	Place them radially in a heatproof dish with lid . 	Cut ham into 7 or 8 mm x 2 cm squares . 	Cover the kabocha with ham squares ,  then squeeze mayonnaise on top . 	Cover with a lid or plastic wrap and microwave for 5-6 minutes . 	Good for relish ,  too .
Shell and devein shrimp  ( unless you were lucky enough to have bought them already shelled )  . 	Rinse scallops and shrimp well . 	Pat dry with paper towel . 	Slice mushrooms . 	Melt 2 Tbs of the butter in a large skillet . 	Add shrimp and scallops . 	Cook over medium heat about 5 minutes ,  until shrimp turn pink and scallops are tender . 	Remove with a slotted spoon to bowl . 	To the drippings in the skillet ,  add 1 more Tbs butter and melt . 	Add mushrooms and sherry . 	Cook at stir over medium heat until mushrooms are just tender . 	In a cup ,  stir flour ,  pepper ,  crushed bouillon cube and 1 Cup water until blended . 	Stir into mushrooms . 	Cook mushroom mixture until sauce boils and slightly thickens . 	Reduce heat to low and stir in sour_cream until blended . 	Return shrimp and scallops to skillet and cook over low heat until hot  ( Do not boil )  This is good over rice or noodles .
METHOD : 	Preheat the oven to 200C . 	Fry the lamb_chops in a hot pan for 5 minutes on each side . 	Meanwhile ,  mix the breadcrumbs ,  thyme ,  rosemary ,  salt_and_pepper together and finally add 1 tbsp of olive_oil to form a paste . 	Spread 1 tbsp of the mustard onto each chop and place on top the herb and bread paste . 	Place in the oven for 5 minutes . 	Fry the leeks in a frying pan with 1 tbsp of olive_oil for 1 minute ,  then add the garlic ,  butter ,  rest of the mustard ,  sour_cream and 1 tbsp of parsley . 	Serve the leeks with the lamb_chops placed on top with a little drissle of olive_oil .
Add all ingredients into a mixing glass and stir . 	Strain into a bucket glass and serve with a large piece of ice and a piece of citrus rind .
Bring the rice vinegar and sugar to a boil in a saucepan until the sugar dissolves . 	Cook over medium heat for 10 minutes ,  stirring constantly . 	Stir in the mangoes ,  apricots ,  and ginger ;  cook ,  stirring occasionally ,  until the fruit is soft and beginning to break apart ,  about 10 more minutes . 	Transfer the mixture to a blender or food processor and add the honey and lime juice . 	Process until smooth .
Finely chop the onion into about 1 cm cubes . 	In a small skillet ,  heat the olive_oil and fry the onion slowly over low heat until golden . 	Use a generous amount of oil to  " simmer "  rather than frying . 	While the onion is  " simmering "  ,  cut the potatoes into cubes . 	Do not soak the potatoes in water . 	This is important ! 	Add the potatoes from Step 3 into the skillet and mix with onion briefly . 	Cover and braise them in the oil . 	Cook it over low heat also . 	Meanwhile ,  crack and beat the eggs in a large bowl . 	Open the lid occasionally and stir the potatoes and onions ,  season them slightly strongly with salt_and_pepper ,  and cover again . 	Repeat this process for about 5 minutes . 	Once the potatoes are tender ,  add the ingredients from Step 6 into the beaten eggs and stir lightly . 	Remove excess oil if there is too much . 	Return the mixture from Step 7 into the skillet ,  cover and cook it for about 5 minutes . 	The eggs will puff up . 	The heat should still be low . 	Once the bottom side is cooked ,  cover the skillet with a large plate . 	Grab the handle of the skillet from the bottom and flip it quickly to transfer the omelet onto the plate . 	The cooked side should be on top now . 	The non-cooked side should be on the bottom ,  so slide it back to the skillet . 	Cover and cook the bottom side . 	Still on low heat . 	Cook it for about 3 minutes or until golden brown and it is done -	The secret to flipping the omelet is to grab the handle of the skillet from the bottom ,  cover the skillet tightly with a plate and flip it all at once
First slice the washed unpeeled potatoes thinly  ,  then slice the zucchini into slightly bigger slices  . 	Next slice the tomatoes and the peppers and chop the parsley finely	Next chop the garlic finely	Heat 1 and 1/2 cup of water to boiling point in kettle or pot	Now lay the first layer of potato slices into the bottom of your stone or glassware casserole dish follow with a layer of zucchini  ,  then tomatoes and then peppers  ,  sprinkle some of the chopped parsley and then with the garlic and some salt_and_pepper ,  and a small pinch of turmeric . 	Then repeat the layers one more time ,  potatoes  ,  zucchini ,  tomatoes  ,  peppers  ,  garlic  ,  parsley ,  salt_and_pepper . 	This time there is no need to add more turmeric . 	Now whisk the hot_water and oil together and gently pour over the vegetables	Bake in a oven at about 180 C for about 60 minutes  ,  turn oven off and leave to stand for about 10-15 minutes before serving  . 	This can be served as a vegetarian starter or main meal or served with pork schnitzel  ,  steak or chicken
Whisk together flour ,  five-spice powder ,  baking_soda ,  and salt in a small bowl . 	Pulse ginger with 1/4 cup sugar in a food processor until finely ground . 	Add syrup ,  butter ,  egg ,  and remaining 3/4 cup sugar to processor and blend until mixture is thick and creamy ,  about 3 minutes . 	Add flour mixture and pulse just until a dough forms . 	Form dough into a disk and chill ,  wrapped in plastic wrap ,  at least 8 hours to allow flavors to develop . 	Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325F . 	Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment_paper . 	Quarter dough . 	Keeping remaining 3 pieces wrapped in plastic wrap and chilled ,  roll out 1 piece of dough on a lightly floured sheet of wax paper with a lightly floured rolling pin to 3/4 inch thick . 	 ( If dough becomes too soft to roll out ,  chill on wax paper until firm .  ) 	Cut out rounds with cutter and transfer to 1 lined baking sheet ,  arranging cookies about 2 inches apart . 	Bake cookies until slightly puffed and a shade darker ,  10 to 12 minutes . 	Cool 5 minutes on sheet . 	If desired ,  make holes with piping tip near edges to hang cookies ,  then transfer cookies  ( still on parchment )  to a rack to cool completely . 	 ( Cookies will flatten slightly as they cool .  ) 	While first batch is baking ,  roll out and cut another batch ,  arranging cookies on second lined sheet . 	Bake in same manner ,  then gather scraps and chill until dough is firm enough to reroll ,  15 to 20 minutes . 	Make more cookies with scraps  ( reroll scraps only once )  and remaining pieces of dough ,  cooling sheets and lining them with fresh parchment before using . 	If using icing and coloring it ,  transfer small batches of icing to small bowls ,  1 for each color ,  and tint with food coloring . 	Spoon each color of icing into a separate pastry bag ,  pressing out excess air . 	Twist bag firmly just above icing ,  then decoratively pipe icing onto cookies . 	Let icing dry completely  ( about 1 hour ,  depending on humidity )  before serving or storing cookies .
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil . 	Cook the potatoes for 10 to 15 minutes over medium heat ,  until they are soft but still retain their shape . 	Drain and set aside . 	Heat a large  ( 14 inches is ideal )  skillet over medium-low heat . 	Add the butter and let it melt . 	Add the potatoes and turn up the heat to medium . 	Cook for about 5 minutes without stirring ,  allowing a crust to start forming on the potatoes . 	Flip the potatoes in the pan with a metal spatula and let them cook for 5 minutes . 	When the potatoes are sizzling but still mostly uncolored ,  add the red_onions . 	Continue to cook over medium heat without stirring . 	As the potatoes on the bottom get brown ,  toss them around the pan with a spatula and continue to cook until golden brown . 	The home fries should be browned and crispy ,  but not blackened and burned . 	When the home fries are nicely browned ,  season with salt and pepper and add the parsley . 	Toss well . 	Serve very hot . 	Add 1 seeded ,  chopped green bell pepper or 2 seeded ,  chopped poblano chiles when you add the onions .
Prepare a bowl and add in the egg and sugar . 	Mix them well then slowly add milk . 	Add flour ,  a pinch of salt ,  mirin and baking_soda and mix them well . 	 ( note :  dissolve the baking_soda in one tsp of hot water before putting it into a bowl ) 	Heat a pan with one teaspoon of oil . 	Wipe off excess oil with a paper towel . 	Then pour in 2 Tbsp of the batter until it is about 8 cm in diameter . 	When you see many bubbly spots on the surface of the pancake ,  it is time to flip it around . 	Cook the other side for a few minutes on low heat . 	The mixture should make about 12 pancakes . 	Put one Tbsp of bean paste on one pancake and cover it with another pancake . 	Do the same for the rest of the pancakes and you're done ! 	Enjoy Dorayaki with hot green tea  :  )
To make the saucce ,  melt the butter in a saucepan ;  add the onions and saute until tender . 	Add the remaining ingredients and simmer for 15 minutes . 	Set aside . 	Preheat the oven to 325 degrees . 	Moisten the roast with a damp paper towel to help hold the seasonings . 	In a small bowl ,  stir together the garlic ,  salt ,  herbs ,  and spices . 	With a sharp knife make 1/2-inch-deep slits in the top of the roast . 	Press the seasoning mixture into the slits ,  and rub the remainder over the entire roast . 	Place the roast in a roaster pan and pour 1/2 cup plum sauce over it . 	Cover and bake for 2 1/2 hours . 	Uncover the roast and baste it with additional plum sauce ;  bake for 30 minutes longer ,  basting 2 or 3 times ,  until the roast is nicely browned . 	Serve the remaining plum sauce on the side for dipping
Preheat oven to 425F	Sear the rack of lamb in a frying pan with olive_oil and garlic_salt .  . browning each side of exposed meat .  . just brown do not cook .  .  . fring pa should be hot	remove lamb and baste entire browned lamb meat with Dijon_mustard	when oven is heated put lamb in and cook until	add garlic_salt and pepper prior to basting with Dijon_mustard .  .  . do not use regular mustard	cut into lamb with after aproximently 10 to 12 minutes and remove when rare .  .  . cover with foil for aproximently five minutes	add garlic_salt and pepper to lamb prior to basting with dijon mustard do not use regular mustard
In a large saucepan ,  cook lentils in boiling water 30-35 minutes or until tender ;  drain . 	In medium bowl ,  combine lentils ,  green_onions ,  and radishes . 	In small bowl ,  combine yogurt ,  basil ,  lemon_juice ,  oil ,  salt and pepper ;  blend well . 	Spoon dressing over lentil mixture ;  toss gently . 	Cover ;  refrigerate 45 minutes or until thoroughly chilled . 	Just before serving ,  stir in tofu . 	Cut tomatoes into 4 wedges ,  being careful not to cut through stem end . 	Serve in tomatoes ;  garnish with basil leaves and lemon slices ,  if desired .
Cook chopped bacon in large saucepan over medium heat until fat is rendered and bacon begins to brown ;  add onions and saute until tender ,  about 10 minutes ;  add potatoes and bell pepper and saute 1 minute ;  add reserved liquid from canned clams ,  milk and bottled_clam_juice ;  simmer chowder ,  uncovered ,  until vegetables are tender ,  about 15 minutes . 	add corn and clams to chowder ;  simmer until slightly thickened ,  about 5 minutes ;  mix in thyme ;  season to taste with salt and pepper .
Combine all ingredients in an ice-filled mixing glass . 	Stir and strain into a chilled martini glass . 	Garnish with frozen red grapes .
Shred surimi . 	Beat cream_cheese , sour_cream and mayonnaise together . 	Add surimi and scallions and mix well . 	Stir in BBQ sauce and lemon_juice . 	Refrigerate for at leaset an hour for flavors to blend . 	Serve with crackers .
Preheat the broiler of your oven . 	Coarsely chop 1 cup of the walnuts ;  chop the remaining cup of nuts finely . 	Place all the nuts in a large bowl and add the honey ,  dried_pears ,  herbes de Provence ,  coriander ,  orange_zest ,  orange_juice ,  lemon_juice and salt . 	Beat vigorously until completely mixed ;  set aside . 	Place baguette slices on a baking sheet . 	Cut the goat_cheese into pieces ;  divide and place on top of the baguette slices . 	Using a knife ,  spread cheese uniformly on each baguette slice . 	Broil until cheese is just melted . 	 ( Broil about 4 inches from heat ,  just to warm the bread and soften the cheese -- watch closely as this only takes a moment or two )  . 	Top each baguette slice with a spoonful of Honey Walnut Spread and serve immediately .
Combine broth ,  peel ,  lemon juice ,  oregano ,  capers ,  cornstarch and garlic . 	Set aside . 	Cut pork_tenderloin into 1-inch slices . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	In a large nonstick skillet heat oil over medium-high heat . 	Cook pork half at a time for 1-2 minutes per side or until browned . 	Transfer to a platter . 	Reduce heat to medium . 	Stir chicken_broth mixture ;  add to skillet . 	Cook and stir for 1 minute . 	Return pork and accumulated juices to skillet . 	Cook for 2-3 minutes or until juices run clear  ( 160F . 	 )  ,  turning once . 	Spoon sauce over pork to serve .
Add all ingredients to a pan . 	Let cook for and hour ,  then mash . 	Let summer for 1/2 hour until finished . 	Enjoy .
Melt margarine in kettle or dutch oven . 	Add chopped onion ,  shallots ,  chilis and garlic . 	Saute until onion is soft . 	Brown meats and add to vegetables and garlic mixture . 	Sprinkle in flour and stir . 	Add all other ingredients . 	Stir well . 	Simmer 1 and 1/4 hours ,  stirring every 15 minutes .
Cook and stir marshmallows ,  peanut butter ,  and butter in a saucepan over medium heat until the marshmallows melt completely into the mixture ,  about 5 minutes . 	Put chow mein noodles into a large bowl . 	Pour marshmallow mixture over the chow mein noodles ;  stir to coat . 	Spray hands with cooking_spray or coat with butter so the noodles will not stick to your hands . 	Scoop noodle mixture from bowl with an ice cream scoop and form into balls ,  hollowing the center out to create the nest . 	Arrange 4 chocolate_eggs into each nest .
Bring the stock to a boil in a medium saucepan ,  cover ,  and keep warm over low heat . 	Heat the butter and olive in a large saucepan . 	Saute the leek and shallots over medium high heat ,  stirring occasionally ,  until translucent ,  about 5 - 7 minutes . 	Add the arborio and white rice to the leek/shallot mixture and saute ,  stirring constantly ,  for 2 minutes . 	Reduce the heat to medium low ,  add 1 cup of the hot stock and stir frequently until absorbed . 	Continue adding 1 cup of stock at a time ,  stirring ,  and waiting for it to be absorbed before adding the next measure . 	This will take 25-30 minutes . 	Remove from heat and stir in the lemon zest ,  fresh_lemon_juice and the parmesan_cheese . 	Cover and allow to stand for 3 minutes .
If you want to make the pastry by hand ,  beat the butter until it is smooth then mix in the icing_sugar ,  one of the eggs and then add the flour . 	Or ,  put all the pastry ingredients  ( again 1 egg only )  in the food processor with 2 tsp water and process just until they form a dough . 	Wrap the pastry in cling film and put in the fridge for half an hour or so to firm up . 	 ( you can freeze pastry now for up to a month )  You need to bake the pastry case blind before you add the filling . 	The best and easierst way to roll the pastry is between 2 floured pieces of cling film . 	LIne a loose bottomed 23cm tart tin with the pastry ,  then line this with a piece of greaseproof paper . 	Put your baking beans on the paper and then put the pastry case in the freezer . 	Preheat the oven to 190 * C  ( 375 * F )  . 	when the pastry case is rock solid ,  put it into the oven on a baking sheet . 	After 15 minutes ,  lift out the paper and beans very carefully and glaze the inside with your second egg ,  beaten first . 	 ( this makes sure you have no leaks later )  Put back in the ove and bake for a further 5 minutes . 	For the filling ,  melt the butter and leave to cool a little . 	While this is happening ,  beat the eggs ,  stir in the sugar and cooled butter . 	Scatter half the almonds in the base of the tart ,  then spread the prunes around . 	Pour the filling over evenly . 	Scatter the rest of the almonds over the top and bake for 20 to 30 minutes until firm . 	Take it out ,  dust with some icing_sugar and serve hot ,  cold or warm with creme_fraiche or cream .
Bring a medium saucepan filled two-thirds with water to a boil . 	Add the khorasan wheat and cook until the grains have plumped and are tender but still chewy ,  55 minutes to 1 hour . 	Drain . 	Meanwhile ,  put the oil ,  garlic ,  1/2 teaspoon salt and crushed red pepper in a medium skillet and set over medium heat . 	Once the oil starts to shimmer ,  stir until the garlic is lightly golden ,  about 30 seconds . 	Add the tomato_paste and stir until the oil turns yellow ,  about 30 seconds . 	Add the crushed tomatoes and their juices ,  1/2 cup of water and basil . 	Bring to a boil ,  lower the heat to medium low and simmer gently until the sauce thickens ,  10 to 12 minutes . 	Stir in the khorasan wheat and transfer to a serving dish . 	Sprinkle with the Parmesan and basil and serve hot .
Toast muffin or possibly biscuit lightly . 	Top with pizza sauce ,  cheese and pepperoni_slices to taste . 	Place under broiler in oven just till cheese melts . 	Watch carefully - the broiler heats quickly and can burn your  " mini pizza "  !
In a heavy saucepan cook onion in oil over moderate heat ,  stirring until softened . 	Stir in broth ,  bell pepper and bulgar . 	Bring to a boil cook ,  mixture ,  covered over low heat 12 minutes or until liquid is absorbed . 	Remove pan from heat and let stand 5 minutes . 	Stir in pine_nuts ,  chives and salt and pepper to taste .
Scald milk :  In a small saucepan ,  heat milk just until bubbles appear around the sides of the pan . 	Remove from heat ;  let cool to room temperature . 	Soften the yeast :  In a large bowl ,  dissolve yeast in warm_water . 	Add cooled milk ,  the sugar ,  egg ,  nutmeg and salt . 	Prepare the dough :  With a wooden spoon ,  gradually beat in 3 cups of the flour and the butter until batter is smooth . 	Stir in enough of the remaining flour until a manageable dough forms . 	Knead the dough :  Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead ,  adding remaining flour as necessary ,  until dough is smooth and elastic . 	Let the dough rise :  Wash ,  dry and oil the same bowl . 	Place dough in oiled bowl ,  turning the dough to bring oiled side up . 	Cover with clean cotton towel ;  set aside in a warm place free of drafts and let dough rise until double in size-about 1 hour . 	Shape ,  cut the dough :  On a lightly floured surface ,  roll dough into a 15-by-10-inch rectangle ,  about 1/4 inches thick . 	Cut dough into 3 1/2-by-3-inch rectangles . 	Set rectangles on a lightly oiled baking sheet in a warm place and let rise until double in size-about 45 to 55 minutes . 	Fry the beignets :  In a large saute pan or sauce pan ,  heat 2 inches oil to 350F degrees . 	Fry beignets in hot oil ,  turning until puffed and golden brown . 	Presentation :  Drain on a cooling rack set atop paper towels . 	Sprinkle with confectioners sugar and eat immediately .
In large bowl beat eggs well then add brown sugar mixing well . 	Add buttermilk ,  water and brewed_coffee stirring to combine . 	In separate large bowl mix all dry ingredients . 	Add dry ingredients to liquid ingredients ,  stirring until just combined . 	Stir in the melted butter . 	Grease a non-stick skillet or griddle over medium heat . 	When hot pour scant 1/4 cupfuls in the skillet or griddle . 	Cook until bubbles appear on the top and top looks semi-dry ,  about 3 minutes then flip . 	Cook on the second side until golden brown about 3-4 minutes . 	Serve while hot .
Heat oil in large nonstick skillet on medium-high heat . 	Add meat ;  cook 4 min . 	on each side or until browned on both sides . 	Combine soup ,  milk ,  dressing and peas ;  pour over meat . 	Cook on medium-low heat 5 min . 	or until meat is done  ( 160F )  ,  stirring sauce occasionally . 	Serve meat and sauce over rice ;  top with cheese .
1 . 	In a large sauce pan ,  brown the diced chicken in olive_oil . 	2 . 	Add the beans ,  chilies ,  and tomatoes . 	3 . 	Bring mixture to a boil over medium heat . 	4 . 	Add the chili_seasoning_mix . 	5 . 	Cover ,  turn heat to medium low and simmer one hour . 	6 . 	Garnish with green onions ,  sharp cheddar cheese ,  tortilla chips ,  and a dab of sour cream . 	ENJOY !
1 . 	Preheat oven to 375 degrees F . 	2 . 	On a large pizza stone or round cookie sheet ,  arrange crescent roll triangles around in an 11-inch circle with short sides of triangles overlapping in center and points of triangles pointing towards the outside . 	There should be a 5-inch diameter opening in the center of the circle . 	3 . 	Saute onion and bacon in a medium skillet until bacon is cooked and onions are transluscent . 	 ( Quick option ,  use already cooked bacon and crumble into pieces or buy real bacon bits .  ) 	Set aside in a bowl . 	4 . 	Scramble eggs in skillet just until cooked or no longer runny . 	Add the bacon and onions back into the skillet . 	5 . 	Apply cheese spread or cream cheese onto crescent rolls near center of the circle . 	 ( Alternative option :  use 2 Tablespoons of cream cheese with 1/4 teaspoon of garlic powder .  ) 	Heap egg mixture on top of the cheese spread . 	Sprinkle with shredded cheese . 	6 . 	Wrap points of triangles up over filling ,  rolling towards the center . 	Pinch down edges or tuck underneath center . 	7 . 	Bake for 30-35 minutes until lightly golden brown . 	Slice and serve warm .
Prepare a bowl and mix eggs end sugar into a fluffy cream . 	Melt chocolate ,  butter and salt ,  then add it into the bowl . 	Add the rest of the ingredients and mix it gently . 	Prepare the oven at 180 degrees C .  Pour the mixture into the mold  ( with the baking paper )  . 	 * on the top you can add as many sliced chocolate as you like  ;  ) 	Bake it for 17min . 	When you get it out of the oven ,  enjoy in the chocolate smell ! 	 : D buon appetit !
Heat oven to 350 degrees . 	Grease 9-inch baking pan . 	Stir together flour and sugar in large bowl . 	Remove 1/2 cup mixture ;  set aside for topping . 	Stir baking_soda ,  baking_powder and salt into remaining flour mixture . 	Add butter ,  egg ,  milk and syrup ;  beat mixer until well blended . 	Pour batter into greased pan . 	Sprinkle reserved flour mixture over top . 	Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean . 	Serve warm or at room temperature .
Preheat oven to 350F . 	In a large bowl ,  combine corn_syrup ,  sugar ,  and salt . 	stir in peanuts until evenly coated . 	Spread in single layer on parchment paper-lined-jelly-roll pan . 	Bake 15 minutes or until browned and carmelized . 	Cool completely . 	Stir into semisweet_chocolate ,  melted ,  until well coated . 	Spread evenly on waxed paper-lined pan . 	Refrigerate until set .
Preheat the oven to 450F . 	Butter a 9 x 13 x 2-inch glass baking dish . 	Cook the noodles in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to the bite ,  stirring frequently ,  about 5 minutes . 	Drain well  ( do not rinse )  . 	Whisk the milk ,  cream ,  flour ,  salt ,  and pepper in a large bowl to blend . 	Stir in 1 cup of the fontina ,  1/2 cup of the Parmesan ,  1/2 cup of the mozzarella ,  the ham ,  and parsley . 	Add the noodles and toss to coat . 	Transfer the noodle mixture to the prepared baking dish . 	Combine the remaining 1 cup of fontina ,  1/4 cup of Parmesan ,  and 1/4 cup of mozzarella in a small bowl and toss to blend . 	Sprinkle the cheese mixture over the noodle mixture . 	Bake until the sauce bubbles and the cheese melts and begins to brown on top ,  about 15 minutes . 	Let stand for 10 minutes . 	Serve warm .
Cream butter ;  add sugar gradually ;  cream thoroughly . 	Add egg ,  beat well . 	Stir in vanilla . 	Mix and sift flour ,  baking_powder and salt . 	Add to first mixture ;  stir until blended . 	Chill 1/2 hour . 	Roll out dough on floured board to 1/8 inch thickness . 	Cut in various shapes with floured cookie cutters . 	Bake on cookie sheet in moderately hot oven ,  375 degrees for 8 to 10 minutes . 	Variations :  Use same basic dough with the following changes :  . 	CHOCOLATE :  Melt and cool 1 1/2 squares unsweetened chocolate and add to creamed mixture and blend well . 	LEMON :  Substitute 1 1/2 tablespoons grated lemon rind and 1 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice for vanilla . 	NUTTY BUTTERSCOTCH :  Sustitute 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar for granulated sugar . 	Add 1/2 cup finely chopped walnuts to dry ingredients . 	COCONUT :  Substitute 1 teaspoons almond extract for vanilla . 	Add 1/2 cup finely chopped coconut to dry ingredients .
preheat oven to 350	cook sushi_rice	in a nonstick saute pan ,  place rice about 1/2 inch thick in a round shape	another pan sauted mushrooms in a hosin sauce	heat rice lightly in order to just brown the bottom layer	sprinkle bean sprouts over the rice evenly	next do the same with the sauted mushrooms	then i drizzle hosin sauce lightly over pizza	add about 1 cup of parmesan covering entire pizza	place pan in the oven for 15 mintues	chop cilantro and sprinkle over pizza when finished cooking	use a pizza cutter and slice into desired amour of slices	salt_and_pepper to taste
Combine beef ,  bone ,  garlic ,  carrot ,  celery ,  leek ,  bay_leaf ,  peppercorns ,  and water in a large pot . 	Cover and bring to a boil over high heat . 	Reduce heat to medium low and simmer for 2 hours . 	Meanwhile place unpeeled beets in a separate saucepan ,  cover with water ,  and cook over medium heat until soft when pierced with a fork ,  about 40 minutes . 	Let cool slightly ,  then peel and medium dice . 	Strain beef mixture ,  reserving broth and discarding solids . 	Return broth to the pot and add beets and shredded cabbage . 	Cook until flavors meld ,  about 20 minutes more . 	Season with salt as needed ,  and serve in bowls garnished with minced dill and a dollop of sour_cream .
Preheat Boiler . 	Arrange English Muffins split side-up on baking sheet :  set under broiler until lightly toasted . 	Meanwhile ,  mix together tuna ,  celery ,  onion and salad dressing . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Top each muffin with one-fourth of tuna mixture . 	Return to broiler until heated through ,  about 2-3 more minutes . 	Top each with one-fourth of cheese and return to broiler until cheese is melted ,  about 1 minute longer .
Place 1 cup  ( or about 1 . 5 handfuls )  of cranberries ,  1/4 apple ,  1 orange wedge ,  1 tablespoon of sugar and 1/4 cup orange_juice into a blender . 	Using the pulse method ,  begin to chop up ingredients . 	You may have to use a spoon or knife halfway through to get any stuck cranberries below the blades . 	Continue until contents are consistency of relish  ( smooth but not puree )  . 	Remove contents into a bowl and repeat until all ingredients are used up . 	For best taste ,  chill at least 4 hours prior .
In a wok add in the piece of side_pork and cover with water and 1 tablespoon of salt and bring to a rolling boil and cover with wok cover and turn off the heat . 	Let this stand for an hour and pour out the water and plate the cooked side_pork . 	After a hour or until the pork come to room temperature slice off about a lb and save the other pieces for a another dish . 	In a wok add 4 tablespoon of oil and when the oil start to smoke add in the shrimps and stir fry until pink and pour the cook shrimps into a warm dish and set aside . 	In a mixing bowl combine shrimp ,  cornstarch ,  salt ,  white_pepper and oil and mix well . 	In a mixing bowl combine chicken meat ,  salt ,  garlic and onion mix ,  ginger ,  sugar ,  soy sauce ,  cornstarch and oil and mix well and cover with a sheet of plastic and into the refrigerator for 30 minutes . 	Place the sausages on to a plate and set aside . 	In wok saute in oil the garlic and onions . 	Then add chicken ,  pork and sausages until cooked . 	Add peas ,  cabbage ,  black fungus ,  celery and diced carrot and combine the mixture add in the pansit noodles and the chicken_broth until noodles is soft . 	Add the shrimps ,  scallions ,  soy sauce ,  fish_sauce ,  salt and pepper to taste . 	Mix well . 	Serve about 25 persons .
Preheat oven to 350F	In a medium bowl combine spinach ,  cheese ,  butter ,  green_onions ,  eggs ,  salt_and_pepper and just enough bread crumbs to make the mixture hold together . 	Shape into 1-inch balls . 	Arrange in a single layer on a large baking sheet . 	Bake 10 to 15 minutes until lightly browned .
Flatten biscuits and press into muffin pan ,  bringing edges of dough up forming a  " cup "  . 	Chill until ready to fill . 	Brown ground_beef ,  drain and return to pan . 	Preheat oven to 375F	Mix pizza_sauce in with beef-heat through . 	Spoon beef mixture into the muffin cups . 	Bake 10 minutes . 	Add pepperoni . 	Sprinkle with cheese . 	Dust with garlic_powder ,  black_pepper or other desired spice combination . 	Bake an additional 5 minutes or until cheese is melted and biscuits are golden brown . 	Allow to sit 5 mintues before serving . 	Contents will be hot !
Heat oil in deep skillet over medium high heat . 	Add chicken and cook 5 minutes ,  stirring frequently . 	Add tomato_sauce ,  corn ,  chilies ,  chili_powder and onion_powder . 	When this comes to a boil ,  reduce heat and simmer for about 10 minutes ,  stirring occasionally . 	To serve ,  spoon over tortilla chips and top with shredded cheese if desired .
Spray 2 full-size hotel pans with cooking spray  ( or use 1 half hotel pan for trial recipe )  . 	Place 2 asparagus_spears on each turkey slice ;  roll up . 	Place ,  seam sides down ,  in prepared hotel pans . 	Mix soup and evaporated milk ;  pour evenly over turkey rolls . 	Sprinkle with bread crumbs ,  cheese and paprika ;  cover with foil . 	Bake in 300F-convection oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour or until heated through  ( 165F )  .
Mix cheese ,  parsley and flour in a bowl ,  add oil and milk and mix well . 	place dough on lightly floured counter and knead for 2 minutes . 	roll out to approximately 1/4 "  thick . 	cut with desired shape of cutters and place on sprayed baking sheet . 	bake at 350 *  for 25 minute .
Stir-fry sorrel leaves ,  onions ,  tomatoes ,  salt ,  and chili_powder in olive_oil for about 20 minutes ,  adding water when necessary ,  till mixture is soft . 	Let stand until cool enough to blend  ( about 15 minutes )  . 	Put sorrel mixture in food processor and blend till smooth . 	Dip tilapia filets in sorrel mixture and lay on baking sheet . 	Bake for 25 minutes at 350 degrees . 	Garnish with cilantro and lemon slices . 	Serve with brown rice or whole barley .
Dry chops and cover with the flour ,  salt and pepper . 	Brown in hot butter on both sides ,  about 20 minutes . 	Add wine and lemon_juice and simmer for about 45 or 50 minutes ,  or until tender . 	Remove to warm serving platter . 	Make mustard sauce . 	Stir flour into drippings in skillet until smooth . 	Stir in cream ,  mustard and cayenne . 	Boil ,  stirring 1 minute . 	Serve chops with sauce .
Take one of the melons ,  peel it and dice it . 	In a large non metal bowl ,  combine the 1 cantaloupe ,  papaya ,  cucumber ,  chopped mint ,  lime juice &  honey ,  mix gently Set the 4 remaining cantaloupe halves in 4 bowls and fill with the fruit mixture Cover and refrigerate  ( up to 4 hours )  until ready to serve .
Cut cabbage in half and remove core . 	Shred_cabbage finely . 	Place shredded cabbage in a large saucepan and pour boiling stock over it ,  add butter ,  and cook for 30 minutes on low heat . 	Add vinegar ,  apples ,  cloves ,  sigar ,  cinnamon ,  salt_and_pepper and cook another 30 minutes ,  stirring frequently . 	Ten minutes before serving ,  add red_wine and simmer until ready to serve . 	Remove cinnamon stick and cloves before serving .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F . 	Lightly grease a large ,  shallow baking sheet . 	In a large bowl ,  thoroughly mix the ground meats ,  eggs ,  bread crumbs and onion . 	Sprinkle with ginger ,  seasoning_salt ,  garlic ,  pepper ,  Worcestershire_sauce and sugar . 	Shape into one inch balls . 	Place meatballs in a single layer on prepared baking sheet . 	Bake in preheated oven for 10 to 15 minutes ;  set aside . 	To make the sauce ,  mix enough water with the reserved pineapple juice to make 1 cup . 	In a large pot over medium heat ,  combine the juice mixture ,  1/3 cup white_wine ,  vinegar ,  soy_sauce ,  and brown_sugar . 	Stir in cornstarch ,  ginger and seasoning_salt ,  until smooth . 	Cover and cook until thickened . 	Stir pineapple_chunks ,  carrot , celery ,  red pepper and meatballs into the sauce . 	Gently stir to coat the meatballs with the sauce . 	Simmer ,  uncovered ,  for about 20 minutes ,  or until meatballs are thoroughly cooked .
Toss greens ,  herbs ,  and blossoms together with plenty of snipped chives and lovage leaves . 	 ( Tear larger leaves to bite size pieces . 	A kitchen scissors works well to snip lovage and herbs down to size )  . 	Combine dry and liquid dressing ingredients ,  to taste ,  in a glass cruet and shake thoroughly before sprinkling over salad greens . 	This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant . 	The FN chefs have not tested this recipe ,  in the proportions indicated ,  and therefore ,  we cannot make any representation as to the results .
Thaw the spinach and drain well . 	Cube the Velveeta . 	Cook the bacon and crumble . 	Combine spinach ,  Velveeta ,  bread crumbs and bacon in a medium saucepan . 	Cook over low heat ,  stirring occasionally ,  until Velveeta is melted . 	Unroll the crescent roll dough and separate into 16 triangles . 	Cut each in half lengthwise ,  to make 32 triangles . 	Spread each triangle with about 1 teaspoon of cheese mixture . 	Roll up ,  starting at wide end . 	Place on a greased cookie sheet . 	Bake at 375 degrees for 11-13 minutes ,  until golden .
In saucepan combine lowfat milk and custard_mix . 	Stir in cubed cream_cheese and orange_peel . 	Cook till mix is thick and bubbly ,  stirring constantly . 	Remove from heat ;  beat with rotary beater at low speed till smooth . 	Cold 15 min . 	Arrange the banana slices in bottom of baked crust . 	Carefully pour custard_mix over banana layer . 	Refrigerateseveral hrs or possibly till set . 	For sauce ,  in saucepan combine orange_juice and cornstarch . 	Cook and stir till thickened and bubbly . 	Cold slightly ,  stir in orange sections . 	Serve sauce hot or possibly chilled . 	To serve ,  spoon sauce over pie . 	Pass remaining sauce if needed .
Soften yeast in 1/2 cup of warm water ,  with 1 teaspoon sugar added ;  Set aside for five minutes . 	Put milk ,  sugar ,  salt ,  and about one cup flour in a large bowl , and beat well with a wooden spoon . 	Then add eggs and yeast mixture and a couple cups of flour and beat again . 	Add the soft butter and the rest of the flour , adding the rest of flour very slowly ,  until the dough is still too stiff to stir . 	Knead the dough until it is smooth and satiny ,  adding only enough to keep if from sticking . 	Add more of the flour ,  as needed . 	Place dough in a greased bowl ,  turning once to grease all sides . 	Let rise in warm place until double ,  about an hour , covering bowl with a towel or plastic wrap ;  I use my oven with the light on and the oven itself turned on for 30 seconds ;  The optimum temperature is around 90 degrees . 	Punch down ,  kneading for about 30 seconds to remove bubbles ;  Cover and let rise again . 	Punch down dough again . 	Cut with a knife into four parts ,  and shape into balls ;  Roll each ball into a 8 X 14 inch rectangle . 	Spread the dough with about 3 tablespoons butter ,  leaving far edge unbuttered . 	Spread with one fourth the cinnamon sugar mixture . 	Roll up ;  roll tightly ;  Pinch edges ;  Cut into slices . 	Place in greased pan and let rise until double in size ,  45-60 minutes . 	Bake in a 350 degree preheated oven for 20-25 minutes . 	Frost with a powdered sugar glaze or light amount of canned vanilla frosting .
The compote :  In a medium saucepan  ( not over heat yet )  ,  stir together the chopped rhubarb pieces and sugar . 	Let the mixture rest for 15 minutes to allow the rhubarb to release some juices . 	Then set the saucepan over medium-high heat and bring the rhubarb to a boil ,  stirring constantly . 	Reduce heat to medium-low ,  cover and simmer ,  stirring occasionally ,  until rhubarb is very tender ,  about 12 minutes . 	Then remove from the heat and allow rhubarb to cool . 	Then transfer to a bowl and refrigerate the mixture for at least 2 hours to allow the compote to thicken . 	In the bowl of a stand mixer  ( or a large bowl ,  using a hand mixer )  ,  beat the whipping_cream and powdered_sugar until stiff . 	Using 6 ounce glasses ,  alternate adding the compote ,  whipped cream and crushed gingersnaps in layers ,  ending with a dollop of whipped cream and a sprinkling of gingersnap crumbs . 	Serve .
Preheat oven to 475 degrees F  ( 240 degrees C )  . 	Coat a 12 ( 30 cm )  pizza pan with non-stick cooking spray . 	If potatoes are clumped together break apart with a fork . 	In a large bowl mix potatoes ,  onion ,  Parmesan cheese ,  flour ,  pepper and eggs until well blended . 	Spread and press the mixture evenly in and up sides of pizza pan . 	Bake 15 minutes or until golden brown on the edges . 	Remove from oven and reduce temperature to 375 degrees F  ( 190 degrees C )  . 	Meanwhile in large non-stick skillet heat oil over mediumhigh heat ;  saute mushrooms ,  and red pepper for 5-7 minutes or until mushrooms liquid is evaporated . 	Add garlic and seasoning ,  saute 1 minute and remove from heat and stir in feta . 	Sprinkle one half of mozzarella_cheese over crust and spoon mushroom mixture over potato crust ;  press into crust . 	Sprinkle with remaining mozzarella_cheese . 	Bake 10 minutes . 	Let stand 5-10 minutes before cutting . 	Makes 4 main course servings . 	Tips :  Substitute equal parts dried basil and oregano for Italian seasoning OR 1/2 tsp  ( 7 mL )  dried thyme . 	Fresh hash browns may replace frozen and are found in a refrigerated area of supermarkets . 	For more recipe ideas visit Mushrooms Canada at www . mushrooms . ca .
Wash the rice and then put it in the rice cooker . 	There's no need to soak the rice . 	Wash the pandan_leaves and tie them in a knot . 	If they are dehydrated ,  then just put them in directly as is . 	Add salt to the rice and then pour in the coconut_milk . 	Adjust as necessary with some water ,  if necessary . 	Mix it well . 	The liquid should be slightly lower than the 4 cup mark . 	Add the pandan_leaves and cook the rice . 	Here is the cooked rice . Take out the pandan_leaves and mix well . 	Mix in some sambal while eating .
Heat pan over medium heat and lube with butter substitute	Scramble eggs	Chop turkey  &  all veggies together except avacado	Slice avacado seperatly	Pour eggs in pan	Let eggs fully cook on one side	Flip eggs over	Add cheese	Add chopped veggies  &  turkey	Fold omlette in half	Toast bread	Top omlette with sliced avacado  &  hot sauce of choice	Butter toast .  . enjoy !
In a large pot ,  mix together first six ingredients on medium heat and bring to soft ball stage  ( ~236 degrees F )  . 	Remove from heat and allow to cool for several minutes . 	Stir in remaining ingredients and pour into 13 "  X 9 "  buttered pan . 	Allow to reach room temperature and score with knife before cutting .
Wash quart jars in dish washer and then put into a 200 degree oven to sterilize . 	Put lids in a small pot of water ,  bring to a boil and shut off to sterilize . 	Wash tomatoes and cut out any bad areas . 	Run through a Squeezo ,  it removes the skins and seeds and leaves you with just the juice . 	The Squeezo is so fast and easy ! 	We love our Squeezo . 	Simmer in a large stainless steel pot until nice and thick . 	Time depends on the type of tomatoes you use . 	It does thicken a little when cool . 	Wash your peppers and peal the onion while this simmers . 	When juice is a good consistency cut the peppers and onions in quarter chunks and put in your blender with a small amount of the tomatoe juice for liquid . 	Blend until all is juice . 	For 7 quart jars I use 1 huge pepper and onion or 2 medium peppers and 2 medium onions . 	Pour pepper and onion juice back into your pot of tomatoe juice and bring to a boil ,  turn down and simmer for about 10-15 minutes . 	Pour into the hot jars leaving a 1/2 inch head space ,  with 1 teaspoon of canning_salt per quart and pressure cook according directions . 	 ( If using a water bath canning method add 1 teaspoon of lemon_juice per quart to balance ph )  . 	Kids will never now you have green_peppers and onions in with the tomatoes . 	We use it in cassaroles ,  chilie ,  any recipe calling for tomatoes . 	It makes fantastic virgin or regular Bloody Marys as well .
Grease grill rack . 	Prepare outdoor grill for direct grilling over medium heat . 	From 1 lime ,  grate 1 teaspoon peel and squeeze 2 tablespoons juice . 	Cut remaining lime into 4 wedges and set aside . 	In medium bowl ,  combine lime juice ,  cantaloupe ,  melon ,  cucumber ,  jalapeno ,  basil ,  and 1/4 teaspoon salt . 	Makes about 3 cups salsa . 	Sprinkle turkey cutlets with lime peel and 1/4 teaspoon pepper . 	Wrap turkey cutlets with prosciutto ,  pressing prosciutto firmly to turkey . 	Place turkey on hot grill rack and cook 5 to 7 minutes or until turkey loses its pink color throughout ,  turning over once . 	Transfer turkey to plate ;  serve with melon salsa and lime wedges . Nutritional information given is for one serving of turkey only . Each 14 cup salsa :  about 10 calories ,  0 g protein ,  3 g carbohydrate ,  0 g total fat ,  0 g fiber ,  0 mg cholesterol ,  50 mg sodium .
If you can get fresh turmeric ,  use it ! 	Otherwise ,  substitute with 1 scant tablespoon of turmeric powder . 	Grate 1/2 the amount of the turmeric . 	Rinse the rice ,  then cut the pandan leaves and slice the rest of the turmeric  ( not too finely )  . 	Place all of the ingredients in a pot ,  let it stand for about 10 minutes  ( the turmeric will color the liquid )  . 	Use a tea strainer for the grated turmeric . 	Add water to satisfy the regular amount needed for cooking your rice ,  then cook it . 	Remove the sliced turmeric and pandan leaves after cooking ! 	In Indonesia ,  this rice is called  " nasi tumpeng "  and is shaped into a cone like a mountain and is served with other traditional Indonesian dishes . 	You can make the mold for the cone using paper and plastic wrap ! 	For those who can't get fresh coconut_milk ,  use canned milk or powder .
Preheat oven to 350 . 	Saute onion and beef in skillet until meat is brown . 	Drain fat . 	Add canned soup . 	Stir in cheese until melted . 	Stir cooked and drained noodles into meat mixture . 	Pour into greased casserole dish  ( I use a 9x13 baking dish )  . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  30 minutes .
Bring the water to a boil in a large pot . 	Add the olive_oil ,  garlic ,  red_pepper_flakes ,  pine_nuts ,  sun-dried tomatoes and onion to a large saute pan set on high heat . 	Cook until the onion is soft and the garlic is beginning to brown ,  about 3 minutes . 	Stir in the wine and boil until the wine is reduced by half ,  about 1-2 minutes . 	Pour in the chicken_stock ,  salt and pepper and bring to a boil . 	Reduce the heat to medium and simmer for 7 minutes ,  until the sauce is slightly thickened . 	While the sauce is simmering ,  cook the pasta in the boiling water until just tender . 	Drain the pasta well and return it to the pot . 	Pour the sauce over the pasta and cook over medium heat for 3 minutes ,  stirring constantly . 	Remove from the heat ,  stir in the cheese and serve .
Place pineapple pieces in large jar . 	Pour Pisco over . 	Cover and refrigerate 3 days ,  shaking occasionally . 	Divide Simple Syrup between 2 bowls . 	Mix grated lime peel into 1 bowl and grated grapefruit_peel into the other . 	Cover and refrigerate both syrups overnight . 	Strain Pisco into pitcher ;  discard pineapple . 	Strain both syrups into Pisco . 	Add lemon juice ;  stir to blend . 	Fill 12 small glasses with ice ,  then add punch . 	Garnish with pineapple leaves ,  if desired .
Using a large bowl ,  place in layers in the following order . 	lettuce	cauliflower	peas	bacon	red onion . 	Mix the parmesan_cheese ,  sugar and mayo together and  " frost "  the top of the layered veggies	Cover and chill 8 hours or overnight . 	When ready to serve ,  let stand at room temperature for 10 minutes before tossing . 	Can be cut in half for less people .
Chuck all the dry ingredients into a bowl and mix . 	Add milk and egg to give you a fairly soft dough . 	Bake in two loaf tins ,  or whatever at 375 to 400 degrees F .
Season chicken with thyme and salt on both sides . 	Set aside . 	Heat oil in skillet over medium heat . 	Cook onion until browned and soft . 	Add chicken and cook until well cooked ,  approximately 8 minutes each side . 	Then ,  remove chicken and set aside . 	Add low gi fruit spread ,  balsamic_vinegar and pepper to oil in skillet . 	Cook for several minutes until ingredients well combined and fruit spread is melted . 	Add chicken back in skillet . 	Serve chicken with sauce poured over top .
With a blender or mixer ,  mix together milk ,  bananas and nutmeg . 	Pour mixture into a plate with a good rim or a cake pan . 	Dip slices of bread into the mixture ,  coating both sides . 	Fry in butter or a light spritz of canola oil until golden brown on each side . 	You can make a syrup out of frozen blueberries and a little bit of sugar and water . 	When the berries are thawed and the sugar has dissolved ,  give a stir and pour over French toast .
Drain juice from mandarin_oranges and pineapple . 	Mix all ongredients together . 	Let stand in refrigerator overnight .
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees . 	Steam two-thirds of the spinach for a few minutes ,  or until it is just wilted . 	Rinse under cold running water . 	Squeeze out all of the excess water and chop coarsely . 	Put the chopped spinach in a large bowl ,  add the rest of the stuffing ingredients and mix well . 	Steam the remaining spinach_leaves along with the dandelion leaves and chicory until barely wilted . 	Rinse under cold running water until cool . 	Pat dry and set aside . 	Lay the leg of lamb ,  fat side down ,  on a flat surface . 	Spread the stuffing over the meat . 	Starting with the smallest end ,  roll up the meat lengthwise like a jellyroll . 	Tie it tightly with butcher's string . 	Heat the oil in a large cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat until it is hot . 	Carefully put the lamb in the skillet and sear it on 4 sides ,  about 4 minutes per side ,  until golden brown all over . 	Lower the heat ,  take the leg out of the pan and set it aside . 	Gently scrape any burned pieces or fat from the bottom of the pan and discard . 	Add the vinegar and wine . 	Bring the liquid to a boil and simmer until it reduces to 1/4 cup ,  about 3 minutes . 	Add the chicken_broth and apple_cider . 	Put the lamb back into the skillet . 	Drape the greens on top of the meat ,  crosswise . 	Lay the remaining greens in the bottom of the pan . 	Set the pan in the oven and roast the lamb for 30 minutes ,  basting continually . 	Turn the lamb over ,  add the parsnips to the skillet and continue to roast for an additional 20 minutes . 	Test for doneness by inserting a meat thermometer in the large end of the leg . 	The thermometer should read 125 degrees for rare meat ,  or 130 degrees for medium rare . 	Let the lamb rest for at least 20 minutes before carving . 	Keep the greens and parsnips warm and serve alongside the sliced lamb .
put all ingredients together in a large bowl except breadcrumbs . 	mix until all ingredients a well combined . 	add breadcrumbs and mix - until you have a firm pattie mix  ( like rissoles )  . 	roll into balls and squash into patties . 	heat oil in a frying pan . 	fry on a medium heat until golden brown on each side 4-5 minutes . 	serve with chutney and salad or desired sidedishes .
In and extra large skillet ,  melt the butter in the sesame ould and vegetable_oil over medium heat . 	Add the brussels sprouts and crushed red pepper and season with salt and pepepr . 	Cook stirring frequently ,  until golden brown ;  about 25 minutes . 	Sprinkle the sesame_seeds on top and cook until the sprouts are dark brown and crunchy ,  about 15 minutes . 	Season with salt_and_pepper to taste . 	Serve hot .
Chop your potatoes ,  onion and garlic . 	Put some extra virgin olive_oil  ( only need a about a teaspoon or so )  in a pot and turn heat to medium and throw in your chopped potato ,  onion ,  and garlic . 	Cook for about 10 minutes stirring often  ( about every 2-3 minutes )  . 	Flavor with some sea salt_and_pepper and a light dash of garlic_powder and onion_powder . 	Add your box of organic chicken_broth and stir well . 	Allow this to cook on medium heat for about 45-60 minutes allowing your potatoes to get really soft . 	Once your potatoes are soft take your hand masher or if you dont have that use a large spoon and mash your potatoes lightly into the broth . 	Next add your 6 wedges of Laughing Cow cheese ,  and your 2 tablespoons of sour cream and stir well allowing this to melt  ( should take about 5 minutes or so )  . 	You can turn your heat to medium low right now while you are stirring often and waiting for the cheese to melt all the way . 	You will want to taste it to see if it needs any more salt_and_pepper if it does add accordingly to taste . 	Serve !
Saute/fry vegetables till tender . 	Add in beans ,  tomatoes ,  and seasonings . 	Simmer till done . 	Serve with a drop of lemonnaise on top .
Make the soup Beat the egg whites until they hold firm peaks ,  then fold in the egg yolks ,  noodles ,  cheese ,  and cilantro . 	Season with a pinch or two of salt . 	Heat 1/4 inch of oil in a medium skillet . 	When it's hot ,  drop in the batter ,  dividing it into 4 portions by eye . 	Fry until golden ,  then turn and fry the second side ,  about 2 minutes in all . 	Drain on paper towels until needed . 	Make the soup Warm the olive_oil in a soup pot . 	Add the leeks and potato and cook over moderately-high heat ,  stirring occasionally ,  for 5 minutes and add 1/2 cup water so that the vegetables stew rather than fry and cook for about 10 minutes . 	When the potato starts to soften ,  add the chard ,  cilantro ,  and 1 teaspoon salt . 	Cover the pan and cook until the chard has wilted after 5 minutes or so ,  then add the 6 cups of water or stock . 	Bring to a boil ,  lower the heat and simmer ,  partially covered ,  until the potato is soft ,  about 20 minutes . 	Taste for salt and season with pepper . 	Ladle the soup into soup plates ,  add a noodle cake to each plate ,  and serve immediately .
In a medium mixing bowl ,  stir together butter and chocolate . 	Beat in corn syrup ,  2 cups of confectioner's sugar ,  powdered_milk and vanilla . 	Dough will be stiff . 	Sprinkle a work surface with the remaining 1 cup confectioners'_sugar . 	Turn dough out onto work surface and knead until remaining sugar is incorporated . 	Shape into small logs and wrap in waxed paper .
Combine the 1st 5 ingredients well ,  adjust seasonings if necessary  ( the black_olives should provide enough salt ,  but you can add a dash or two of Tabasco if you want it spicier )  . 	Spread a tbsp or two on tortilla  ( to make the tortilla rollable ,  microwave it for about 10 seconds )  and roll tortilla into a cigar shape . 	Place seam side down on a piece of plastic wrap - wrap tortillas and chill about 1/2 an hour . 	Cut into 3rds  ( if using 8in tortillas )  or bite sized pieces  ( I don't serve the ends )  . 	Serve with picante sauce .
Scrub carrots with a stiff brush and slice them into the saucepan ,  cutting disks about 1/8-inch thick . 	Add broth ,  cover ,  and simmer until fork will puncture a slice  ( about 15 minutes )  . 	Meanwhile in a small bowl blend butter and flour with a fork . 	Gradually work in cream to make a thin paste . 	When carrots are tender remove pan from heat and stir in paste :  blend well with a wooden spoon ,  but be careful not to bruise the carrots . 	Return to heat just until the cream bubbles . 	Turn into a serving dish and sprinkle with salt and pepper .
Sieve flour and salt into mixing bowl . 	Mix fat well together . 	Rub quarter of fat into flour . 	Mix to stiff dough with water and added lemon_juice . 	Roll out strip about 1 . 5 cm thick about three times as long as wide . 	Divide remaining fat in three portions . 	Dot one portion in small pieces over top two thirds of dough . 	Fold pastry in three ,  first folding bottom section upwards . 	Rest for 1/2 hour in fridge . 	Roll out pastry and repeat with two remaining portions of fat . 	Put aside in cool place for 15 minutes . 	Roll out to required thickness and size for use .
Spread the onions over the bottom of a 5 1/2- to 6-quart slow cooker and top with the carrots ,  garlic ,  white beans ,  thyme bundle and sausage links . 	Mix the diced_tomatoes with the broth and 3 cups water and pour over the sausages . 	Add the Parmesan rind if using . 	Cook on high for 4 to 5 hours or on low for 7 to 8 hours ;  the beans will be tender and begin to fall apart . 	Uncover the slow cooker ,  remove and discard the thyme bundle and Parmesan rind and transfer the sausage links to a cutting board . 	Stir the pasta into the stew and continue to cook ,  covered ,  until the pasta is cooked through ,  about 20 minutes . 	Turn off the heat . 	Cut the sausages into bite-size pieces and stir into the stew along with the parsley and vinegar . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Serve with grated Parmesan on the side for sprinkling on top and crusty_bread for soaking up the broth .
In a microwave-safe bowl ,  heat the wine at medium power until hot ,  about 10 seconds . 	Crumble the saffron into the wine and let stand for 5 minutes . 	Fold in the mayonnaise ,  tomato_paste and orange_zest and season with salt and pepper .
Mix all ingredients together thoroughly and put into air tight container to store . 	Put 2 - 3 tsp  ( or to taste )  in a cup of hot water ,  stir and enjoy . 	It is easy to get too much so I would start with 2 tsp and keep adding until it is to your liking  ( I bought some cute bottles with stoppers at Ikea that look really nice . 	 )  .
Try to remove the stem running through the middle of the kale_leaves so you are just left with the actual leaves . 	 ( This will make it easier for them to cook through evenly .  ) 	Wash the leaves and wipe away the moisture completely . 	Put the leaves ,  olive_oil and salt in a plastic bag and shake so the leaves are evenly coated in the oil and salt . 	Spread them out on a baking tray ,  taking care not to let them overlap ,  and bake at 180C . 	Check on them while they are baking . 	They are done when they're crispy .
Fry the chicken until close to brown then set aside . 	Reduce the oil and saute garlic ,  onions then ginger . 	Bring back the fried chicken to the skillet . 	Seasoned with salt ,  oyster_sauce ,  paprika and black_pepper . 	Instead of putting water to bring the chicken to boil ,  pour the cola  ( it serves as tenderizer also )  . 	Add the vinegar and don't touch the chicken . 	In a small bowl ,  put 1/2 cup of hot water to dissolve the cornstarch ,  then pour on the skillet . 	If you are cooking for a crowd you can add boiled potatoes cut in cubes .
Waffles :  Heat waffle maker . 	Spray with cooking spray . 	Mix ingredients until well blended . 	Portion 1/4 cup mixture into each quadrant of waffle maker . 	Close lid . 	Cook 5 to 7 min . 	or until golden brown and crisp . 	Topping :  Top each waffle with 2 tsp . 	cream cheese and 3/4 oz . 	smoked_salmon . 	Garnish with a pinch of lemon_zest and 1 chive piece .
1 . 	Dollop the Nutella in 1-tablespoon size portions onto a baking sheet lined with aluminum foil and place in the freezer until ready to use ,  at least 20-30 minutes . 	2 . 	Cut the butter into 1 tablespoon size pieces ,  and place into a saute pan over medium heat . 	Stir until the butter is melted then keep heating and stirring . 	Remove the browned butter from the heat immediately when it looks light golden brown . 	Place into a bowl or container and let it sit for 10 minutes before proceeding in the recipe  ( see note below )  . 	3 . 	Whisk together the flour ,  baking_soda and salt in a bowl . 	Set aside . 	Place the browned butter into the bowl of a stand mixer  ( you can use a hand mixer as well )  . 	Add the brown sugar and the white sugar ,  and beat with the paddle attachment on medium speed until combined and smooth . 	Beat in the egg ,  egg_yolk ,  vanilla_extract ,  and sour_cream just until combined . 	4 . 	Add the dry ingredients slowly and mix on low speed until almost just combined . 	Pour in the chocolate chips and mix until just combined  ( see note below )  . 	5 . 	Take the Nutella dollops out of the freezer . 	Take out a large cookie scoop . 	Scoop the dough so that the scoop is about halfway filled and press the cookie dough into the scoop . 	Squish a frozen Nutella dollop into the cookie dough then top with additional cookie dough so that the cookie scoop is filled to the top . 	Repeat with the remaining cookie dough . 	Place all the cookie dough balls on a baking sheet lined with aluminum foil ,  cover with more foil ,  and refrigerate for at least 2 hours  ( the dough can be made up to 3 days in advance )  . 	6 . 	Preheat the oven to 350 F .  Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat . 	Place 6 cookies on the mat at a time ,  leaving plenty of space between them . 	Bake for 12-15 minutes ,  or until the cookies are puffy and golden brown . 	As soon as you take them out of the oven ,  sprinkle them with a bit of kosher_salt  ( do not be heavy handed with this ,  we want just little bites of saltiness )  . 	Let cookies cool for 10 minutes ,  then move to a cooling rack until completely cool  ( or eat them warm !  )  . 	Repeat baking the remaining cookies . 	Enjoy ! 	Notes :  1 . 	Substitutions for these cookies are as follows :  dark brown sugar instead of light_brown_sugar ,  regular or vanilla Greek yogurt instead of sour_cream ,  milk or dark chocolate chips  ( or a combination of both )  instead of semisweet chocolate chips ,  and sea salt instead of kosher_salt . 	2 . 	Do not proceed immediately after browning the butter ,  as the hot butter will scramble the eggs in your cookie dough ,  which is no bueno . 	Also ,  dont put the browned butter immediately from the saute pan to the bowl of the stand mixer ,  because the stand mixer will keep the butter hot forever . 	3 . 	Mix your cookies only until just combined . 	Over-mixing results in tough ,  unsatisfying ,  weirdly-textured cookies . 	Adapted from Ambitious Kitchen .
Melt chips and shortning . 	Stir in raisins and almonds . 	Drop by TBS onto waxed paper . 	Chill .
Mix together everything from beef to garlic-except butter . 	Form into walnut size meatballs . 	Heat butter in skillet to medium and fry meatballs until done . 	Add to sauce and keep warm in a crockpot . 	Sauce :  Mix the three ingredients well ,  while stirring and bring to a boil . 	Remove from heat and pour into a crockpot . 	Keep on low .
Caramel :  In small ,  heavy saucepan melt 3/4 cup sugar over low heat ,  stirring occasionally . 	Increase heat to medium and cook ,  without stirring ,  until caramel turns dark golden . 	Watch carefully and do not allow to burn . 	Remove from heat and add water . 	 ( Mixture will spit a lot .  ) 	Return to low heat and stir until liquid . 	Carefully pour into 8 small ramekins or custard dishes ,  tilting each one to coat the sides a little . 	Set dishes aside in a roasting pan . 	Preheat oven to 325F . 	In large bowl ,  whisk sugar and eggs until smooth . 	Beat in pumpkin_puree ,  cinnamon and vanilla . 	Stir in milk . 	Divide mixture among ramekins . 	Pour enough cold water into pan to come halfway up the sides of ramekins . 	Bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until just set . 	Remove ramekins from water and set on wire rack to cool . 	Chill in refrigerator until ready to serve . 	To serve ,  unmold each ramekin onto individual serving plates .
Peel and dice potatoes ,  keeping in water so they do not turn brown . 	Peel and dice onions . 	Boil potatoes until just tender . 	Refrigerate onions . 	Refrigerate potatoes . 	Next day make hard boiled eggs ,  and dice . 	Combine all ingredients ,  adjusting seasonings to taste . 	Refrigerate overnight . 	Serve .
Toss all ingredients in large bowl ,  cover and refrigerate .
Place waffles in the toaster oven and cook until halfway done ,  2 to 3 minutes . 	Spread chocolate_chips over waffles and return to toaster oven ;  cook until chocolate melts ,  2 to 3 minutes . 	Spread chocolate evenly around waffle using a fork or toothpick . 	Spread peanut_butter over chocolate layer . 	Close waffles together making a sandwich .
Place dough in the refrigerator the night before to thaw . 	Thirty minutes before dinner ,  chop onions ,  slice mushrooms ,  chop green peppers ,  and wash spinach . 	Preheat oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit . 	Spray round pizza pan ,  or 9 "  x 12 "  rectangular one with vegetable oil spray . 	Spread dough over top with finger tips and palms . 	Cover dough evenly with sauce ;  sprinkle with red pepper flakes and garlic powder if you desire ,  and then with veggies ,  starting with spinach ,  moving on to mushrooms ,  red onions and red bell peppers . 	Sprinkle mozzarella over the top . 	Bake for about 20 minutes ,  or until edges of crust are golden brown and cheese is bubbly and golden . 	Your portion of this pizza is 1/4th of the pan ;  freeze the rest for later meals or serve to others . 	Add a tall glass of calorie-free lemonade to this meal .
Sift together flour ,  1/4 cup sugar ,  baking_soda and salt into bowl . 	Combine egg ,  sour_cream ,  milk and oil in small bowl ;  blend well . 	Add all at once to dry ingredients ,  stirring just enough to moisten . 	Combine cranberries and 1/2 cup sugar ;  stir into batter . 	Spoon batter into greased 3-1/2 inch muffin-pan cups ,  filling equally ,  or use 12 cup 2-1/2 inch muffin pan . 	Bake in 375F oven 20 minutes for 12 muffins and 30 minutes for 6 muffins or until golden brown . 	Good hot or cold with butter ,  easy to reheat in microwave .
Grease 2 8x4 inch loaf pans . 	in a medium saucepan ,  warm the milk ,  molasses ,  butter and salt . 	in a separate bowl ,  sprinkle the yeast over 2 cups flour and stir to blend . 	pour in the milk mixture and beat 100 strokes with a spoon ,  or for 2 minutes with a mixer flat beater . 	while beating ,  add the egg ,  rice and currants . 	Add the remaining flour ,  a little at a time ,  till the dough forms a solid mass and pulls away from teh sides of the bowl ,  about 10 minutes by hand or 8 minutes under the dough hook . 	the dough will be quite sticky as you begin but will become elastic and smooth as sprinkles of flour are added . 	Refrain from using too much flour . 	keep the dough elastic and not a hard ball . 	place the dough in a greased bowl ,  cover with plastic wrap and put aside at room temperature to double in volume ,  about 1 hour  ( or about half that if using rapid rise yeast )  . 	remove the dough from teh bowl ,  cover with a cloth and allow to rest for 10 minutes . 	cut the dough into 2 pieces . 	form rectangular loaves the length of the pans . 	place the dough in the pans and push the dough into the corners of the pans with your fingers and level . 	cover the loaves with wax or parchment paper and leave to rise at room temp till dough reaches 1 inch above the edge of the pans  ( about 45 minutes )  . 	preheat oven to 400 20 minutes before baking . 	place the loaves in the middle of the oven and bake for 35 minutes ,  or till loaves test done when tapped on the bottom with a finger . 	 ( if using convection oven ,  reduce heat 50 degrees )  . 	turn out from pan onto metal rack to cool .
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F .  Have ready a baking sheet and four sheets of parchment paper ,  about 15 x 15 inches . 	Pat the fillets dry with paper towels and season with salt and pepper . 	In a small bowl ,  combine the shallots and zest and sprinkle with salt and pepper . 	Cut the asparagus in 2-inch sticks and discard the fibrous butt ends  ( or use them in a soup )  . 	Split the sticks in two lengthwise :  this will help them to cook more quickly . 	Put one sheet of parchment paper on a work surface in front of you . 	Fold the sheet in two horizontally and unfold . 	Line up a quarter of the asparagus sticks side by side an inch below the crease ,  to form a rectangular shape- make sure you divide the asparagus tips evenly . 	Sprinkle with salt and pepper and top with one fillet . 	Spread the fish with 1 tablespoon of the creme_fraiche ,  sprinkle with a quarter of the shallot mixture ,  and a quarter of the toasted almonds . 	Fold the top half of the parchment paper down over the fillet so the two edges meet . 	Make a thin and tight fold all along the joined edges ,  and repeat until the fold reaches the fillet . 	Close both open sides of the papillote by folding them into pointy ends and tucking them underneath the package . 	Transfer onto the baking sheet with a hard spatula . 	Repeat with the remaining ingredients . 	Bake for 12 minutes if the fillets are less than an inch thick ,  14 minutes for thicker fillets . 	Transfer the packages cautiously onto serving plates . 	Scoop rice or potatoes on the side ,  bring the plates to the table ,  and snip the papillotes open along the top with scissors or a sharp knife .
Part 1 :  Cut off the top 1/2 inch of artichokes ,  trim the stem and snip the leaf tips . 	Combine the ingredients from part 1 in a large saucepan ,  add the artichokes and enough water to cover ,  weigh them down with a few plates . 	Bring to a boil and continue to boil until a knife can easily penetrate the stems . 	Drain and cool . 	Part 2 :  Combine the mayo and lemon juice ,  dill ,  shallots ,  white_pepper ,  and mix well . 	Add the lobster or seafood combo and stir to coat . 	Take the cooled artichokes and cut in half length wise . 	Remove the " choke . 	 " brush the artichoke on all sides with olive_oil and place on a preheated grill or under the broiler . 	Cook until warmed through but don't burn ! 	Remove and fill the cavity with the filling . 	Sprinkle with cheese and serve .
Brown bacon and beef . 	Add in all remaining ingredients . 	Mix well and bake at 325 for 35 min .
Place the flank steak in a sturdy resealable plastic bag . 	Add the sliced onions ,  placing them both under and on top of the meat . 	Mix remaining ingredients to make marinade ,  and pour over the meat and onions . 	Seal the bag and refrigerate for a minimum of 8 hours ,  turning the bag occasionally . 	To cook :  Heat the grill . 	Remove the onions from the marinade ,  place them in an oven-proof dish and bake them  ( covered )  for 20-30 minutes at 350 degrees . 	Grill the meat ,  turning once . 	The original recipe says 2 "  from something called  " hot coals "  . 	My gas grill doesn't have  " hot coals "  ,  but I've heard of them -- Take care not overcook it ;  Medium is overcooked ,  IMHO . 	To serve ,  slice the meat thinly across the grain and top with the baked onions ,  or at least be honest ,  and tell guests that the sliced onions are available . 	Saving them for yourself is not polite .
In a large pot ,  melt the butter over moderately low heat . 	Add the onion ,  celery and garlic and cook ,  stirring occasionally ,  until the vegetables start to soften ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add the wine and boil until it almost evaporates ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add the broth and bring to a boil . 	Boil until the liquid is reduce to approximately 7 cups ,  about 20 minutes . 	Add the rice ,  parsley and salt and cook at a low boil ,  stirring occasionally ,  until the rice is just tender ,  10-15 minutes . 	Stir in the peas ,  ham ,  Parmesan and pepper .
In a saucepan ,  bring chicken_broth to a boil ,  add the rice and salt . 	Cover and reduce heat to low ,  simmer covered for 30 minutes or until no liquid remains . 	Stir in cilantro and green_onions and fluff with a fork .
Combine all the ingredients together in a food processor until smooth and creamy . 	Served chilled .
Remove butter from fridge and allow it to soften for about 30 minutes . 	Wash and finely chop fresh strawberries . 	If you prefer ,  you may put them in a small food processor and give them a good chop . 	Combine butter ,  powdered_sugar ,  strawberry preserve and finely chopped strawberries into a small bowl . 	Whip by hand until well mixed . 	If you are using unsalted butter ,  add salt to taste  ( a few pinches should be plenty )  . 	Place in the fridge . 	You can just stick the bowl of strawberry butter in the fridge ,  or you can mold the butter into shapes . 	Even if you don't have molds ,  chill the butter ,  and then use a cookie cutter to make shapes . 	Tips  &  Warnings :  . 	This butter will keep for about 10 days in the fridge and 2 months in the freezer .
About 1 1/2 hrs before serving ,  in 9-inch pie plate with hands ,  combine grnd beef ,  bread crumbs ,  allspice ,  nutmeg ,  pepper ,  and 1 tsp . 	salt till well mixed . 	With fingers ,  press mix to bottom and side of pie plate just to rim . 	Chill . 	In large bowl with potato masher ,  mix sweet_potatoes with remaining ingredients and 1/2 tsp . 	salt till smooth . 	Spoon sweet_potato mix into meat shell ,  spreading to edge to seal . 	Bake in 400 degree oven about 50 min or possibly till knife inserted in center comes out clean . 	6 servings .
Thoroughly mash black_beans in a small bowl . 	Stir salsa into the beans ;  transfer mixture to a small saucepan and place over medium heat . 	Pour vegetable_broth into the saucepan ;  stir . 	Bring the liquid to a simmer and cook until the liquid reduces slightly and thickens to your preferred texture ,  10 to 15 minutes . 	Season the soup with salt . 	Sprinkle Cheddar cheese over the soup and stir to melt . 	Continue to cook until heated through ,  1 to 2 minutes more . 	Divide between 2 bowls and top each portion with a dollop of sour_cream .
Add all ingredients into a food processor and puree until feta is whipped to a thick ,  creamy consistency . 	Serve with whole grain crackers ,  pita chips ,  tomatoes ,  cucumbers ,  sliced bell peppers ,  etc .
Cook noodles in boiling water for 3 minutes ,  or until tender . 	Drain . 	Rinse with cold water and drain again . 	Set aside . 	To make sauce ,  combine ketchup ,  soy sauce ,  lime_juice ,  brown_sugar ,  vinegar ,  oil and crushed_red_pepper_flakes in a small bowl . 	Set aside . 	Heat oil in a large ,  non-stick wok or skillet over medium heat . 	Add onions and garlic . 	Cook and stir until onions are tender ,  about 3 minutes . 	Add sauce and bring to a boil . 	Add cooked noodles ,  bean_sprouts ,  carrot ,  green_onions and cilantro . 	Mix well . 	Cook until noodles are heated through ,  about 2 minutes . 	Srpinkle individual servings with chopped peanuts .
Preheat the oven to 325 . 	To the remaining batter add eggs ,  baking_powder ,  oil ,  baking_soda ,  orange_juice ,  vanilla ,  1 cup sugar ,  flour ,  salt ,  vanilla instant pudding ,  2 tsp cinnamon ,  orange_zest ,  and cranberries . 	 ( Make sure the cranberries are mixed in well so they don't end up sitting on the bottom )  . 	Note :  It is easier to mix if you combine the dry ingredients  ( except for sugar and pudding )  in another bowl then add it slowly to the batter . 	Grease bottom and sides of 2 large loaf pans or spray with Pam . 	Mix 1/2 cup sugar and 1-1/2 tsp cinnamon in a small bowl . 	Dust the insides of each of the pans with half of the mixture ,  making sure to cover the bottom and sides well . 	Pour batter evenly into the 2 pans and sprinkle with remaining sugar mixture over top of the batter . 	Bake for approximately 1 hour  ( until toothpick comes out clean .  ) 	Cool until the bread loosens from the pan easily . 	Turn onto serving dish . 	May be served warm or cold . 	Enjoy .
Pour the water into the bowl of a stand mixer . 	Add the yeast ,  flour ,  and salt and stir with a rubber spatula just until all the water is absorbed and a dry ,  clumpy dough forms . 	Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let stand for 20 minutes ,  to allow the flour to absorb the water . 	Use the dough hook of a stand mixer and mix the dough on low speed  ( 2 on a KitchenAid mixer )  for 8 to 10 minutes . 	It will still be a little lumpy ,  although it will gather into a ball around the hook . 	Pull it off the dough hook and knead it by hand for a few strokes on an unfloured surface until it is very smooth and springy . 	 ( Alternatively ,  scrape the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead with smooth ,  steady strokes until silky smooth and springy ,  10 to 12 minutes . 	Avoid kneading extra flour into the dough .  ) 	Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled ,  clear ,  2-quart straight-sided container with a lid . 	With masking tape ,  mark the spot on the container where the dough will be once it has increased 1 1/2 times in volume . 	Cover and leave it to rise at room temperature  ( 70 to 75 degrees )  for 45 minutes . 	It will increase by about 25 percent . 	Lightly dust a work surface with flour and ,  using a bench scraper or spatula ,  empty the risen dough out of the container . 	Pat it gently into a rectangle ,  about 6 x 8 inches ,  and fold it into thirds like a business letter . 	With the short side facing you ,  lift the top edge and fold it into the center of the rectangle ;  lift the near edge and fold it into the center so that it overlaps the top edge by about 1-inch . 	Quickly slide both hands under the dough and flip it over so the folds are underneath . 	Slip it back into the container ,  pushing it down to fit . 	Cover the dough and let it rise in a warm and draft-free spot until it expands ,  reaching halfway to the masking tape mark . 	45 minutes to 1 hour . 	About 1 hour before baking ,  place a baking stone on the middle rack of the oven and a cast-iron skillet on the lower rack . 	Preheat the oven to 450 degrees . 	 ( If you are baking the breads on a baking sheet ,  its only necessary to preheat the oven about 20 minutes before baking .  ) 	Lightly dust your work surface with flour . 	Uncover the dough and turn it out onto the work surface . 	With a bench scraper or chefs knife ,  cut the dough into 3 equal pieces . 	Gently pat each piece into a rough rectangle and fold it in half . 	Sprinkle the pieces of dough with flour and lightly drape them with plastic wrap . 	Let them relax on the counter for 10 minutes . 	Cover a bakers peel or rimless baking sheet with parchment paper and lightly dust with flour . 	Set aside . 	On a lightly floured work surface ,  pat the dough into a rough rectangle measuring about 3 x 5 inches . 	With the longer side facing you ,  fold the top of the dough down about one-third of the way toward the center . 	With the heel of your hand ,  press along the seam using firm but gentle pressure . 	Fold the bottom of the dough about one-third of the way toward the center and seal the seam firmly . 	Fold this skinny rectangle in half ,  bringing the top edge down to meet the bottom edge . 	Working from right to left ,  cup your hand over the log of dough arid press the heel of your hand down firmly to seal the seam . 	Dust the work surface with additional flour to prevent the dough from sticking . 	To stretch the log ,  place your hands together ,  palms down ,  over the middle of the log . 	Using light ,  even pressure ,  roll the log back and forth as you spread your hands apart . 	Repeat 3 or 4 times until the log is the desired length ,  about 14 inches long . 	Leave the ends rounded . 	Place the baguettes on the parchment ,  seam sides down ,  about 2 inches apart . 	Lift the parchment between the loaves ,  making pleats and drawing the loaves together . 	Tightly roll two kitchen towels and slip them under the parchment paper on the sides of the two outer loaves to support and cradle the baguettes . 	Lightly dust the tops of the baguettes with flour and gently drape them with plastic wrap . 	Let the loaves stand at room temperature for 30 to 40 minutes . 	They will increase about 1 1/2 times in size . 	Uncover the loaves ,  take away the towels ,  and stretch the parchment paper out so it is flat and the loaves are separated . 	Score each baguette with a single-edge razor blade or a serrated knife . 	Starting from the tip ,  angle the blade 45 degrees to make 3 slashes about 3 inches long and 1/2-inch deep . 	Slide the loaves ,  still on the parchment ,  onto the hot baking stone or rimless baking sheet . 	Place 1/2 cup of ice in the hot cast-iron skillet and slide back onto the lower rack to produce steam . 	Bake the baguettes until caramel colored ,  15 to 20 minutes . 	Slide the peel or baking sheet under the parchment paper to remove the loaves from the oven . 	Slide the loaves ,  still on the parchment ,  onto a wire rack to cool . 	Eat them warm or at room temperature . 	Freeze leftover baguettes in resealable plastic bags for up to 1 month .
Preheat oven to 400F Line rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper . 	Toast cumin_seeds in small skillet over medium heat until beginning to brown ,  about 2 minutes . 	Cool . 	Transfer to spice mill ;  process until finely ground . 	Combine parsnips ,  sweet_potatoes ,  and red onion in large bowl . 	Add ground cumin ,  2 Tb vegetable_oil ,  chile powder ,  oregano ,  and 1 tsp coarse salt ;  toss to coat . 	Transfer to prepared baking sheet . 	Roast vegetables until soft and browned in spots ,  turning occasionally ,  35 to 40 minutes cool . 	Do Ahead :  Can be prepared 4 hours ahead . 	Let stand at room temperature . 	Preheat oven to 375F With machine running ,  add garlic and jalapeno through feed tube for processor and process until finely chopped . 	Add cilantro ,  green_onions ,  and drained green chiles . 	Using on/off turns ,  process until coarse puree forms . 	Add salsa ;  process to blend . 	Transfer salsa mixture to large deep skillet . 	Add 1/4 cup crema and stir over medium-low heat just until warm  ( do not allow to boil )  . 	Remove from heat . 	Season salsa mixture to taste with salt and pepper . 	Cover and keep warm . 	Measure 1 cup of roasted vegetables ;  set aside . 	Transfer remaining vegetables to processor . 	Using on/off turns ,  process until coarsely chopped . 	Transfer to large bowl . 	Add shrimp and toss to incorporate evenly . 	Season filling to taste with salt and pepper . 	Heat remaining 3 Tb oil in medium skillet over medium-high heat . 	Working with 1 tortilla at a time ,  cook until just softened ,  about 15 seconds per side  ( do not allow to brown )  . 	Transfer tortillas to paper towels to drain . 	Spread 1/2 cup salsa mixture over bottom of 15x10x2 inch glass baking dish . 	Place 1 tortilla on work surface ;  sprinkle generous 2 tsp crumbled cheese down center . 	Top with generous 1/4 cup roasted vegetable filling ,  arranging down center atop cheese . 	Roll up tortilla and place ,  seam side down ,  in prepared dish . 	Repeat with remaining tortillas ,  cheese ,  and filling . 	Scatter reserved 1 cup roasted vegetables over enchiladas . 	Spoon remaining salsa mixture over . 	Sprinkle with any remaining cheese ;  drizzle with remaining 1/4 cup crema  ( whisking if necessary to loosen enough to drizzle )  . 	Bake enchiladas until heated through ,  about 20 minutes .
In a medium shallow dish ,  stir together the flour and pepper . 	Add the lamb ,  a few pieces at a time ,  turning to coat and gently shaking off any excess . 	In a large nonstick skillet ,  heat the oil over medium-high heat ,  swirling to coat the bottom . 	Cook the lamb for about 5 minutes ,  or until browned on all sides ,  stirring occasionally . 	Using a slotted spoon ,  transfer the lamb to a plate . 	Pour off the excess fat . 	Wipe the skillet clean with paper towels . 	Return the lamb to the skillet . 	Stir in the remaining ingredients except the lemon juice . 	Simmer ,  covered ,  for 1 hour ,  or until the lamb is tender ,  stirring occasionally . 	Just before serving ,  stir in the lemon juice . 	 ( Per serving ) 	Calories :  175	Total fat :  7 . 5g	Saturated :  2 . 5g	Trans :  0 . 0g	Polyunsaturated :  1 . 0g	Monounsaturated :  3 . 5g	Cholesterol :  65mg	Sodium :  62mg	Carbohydrates :  5g	Fiber :  1g	Sugars :  2g	Protein :  20g	Calcium :  21mg	Potassium :  282mg	1/2 other carbohydrate	3 lean meat
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F . 	Cut the chicken into bite sized pieces and cook until no longer pink . 	Drain and set aside . 	In a separate pan ,  melt the butter . 	Add the garlic and cook until soft  ( 1-2 minutes )  . 	Add the soup ,  tomatoes ,  and chiles and cook until heated through . 	Set aside 3/4 of the sauce mixture . 	To the remaining 1/4 of the sauce ,  add the cooked chicken and 1/2 cup of the shredded cheddar_cheese . 	Stir until cheese is melted . 	Place the chicken mixture on each of the six tortillas . 	Roll the tortillas and lay the ,  seam side down in a greased 9 x 13 baking dish . 	Pour the reserved sauce over top . 	Sprinkle with the remaining 1/2 cup cheddar_cheese . 	Bake for 30-35 minutes .
Preheat oven to 350	If adding ground_beef ,  brown and drain fat . 	In a large bowl ;  mix spinach ,  cheeses ,  eggs ,  salt and pepper  ( and ground_beef if added )  . 	Place about 1 1/2 cups of marinara_sauce in 9x13 inch pan . 	Spread it around to cover the bottom . 	Put the mixed filling into a plastic bag . 	 ( You can use either a frosting piping bag or a gallon zip bag .  ) 	Snip the corner ,  gather the top and squeeze the filling into the corner . 	Hold an uncooked manicotti shell in your hand and squeeze the filling inside the shell . 	Let it overflow on both sides . 	Place the filled shell into the sauce-lined pan . 	Repeat with remaining manicotti and fill the pan with stuffed shells ,  until you run out of shells and filling . 	 ( You should be able to fill 12-14 shells-if you run out of room in your pan ,  use a separate smaller pan to accommodate the extra .  ) 	Cover the pasta with marinara_sauce . 	Sprinkle 1/2 cup Romano/Parmesan cheese on top . 	Cover with foil and place it in the oven for 50 minutes . 	Remove foil and bake for an additional 10 minutes .
Cream should be chilled .  . 	Whip the cream n keep in fridge .  . 	Prepare Mango pulp . 	Now cream ,  Mango pulp .  . Sugar powder or Honey .  . 	Mix n Blend with blender .  . 	It's give a smooth n silky texture .  . 	Now add Cinnamon powder .  . n .  .  Wine too .  .  . 	Mix again . 	Now transfer it in four small glasses .  .  Keep them in refrigerator . 	After one hour take out n garnish with nuts or chopped cherry .  . 	You can Decorate with .  . 	Whip cream also .
Preheat the broiler and position a rack 8 inches from the heat . 	Brush the baguette slices on both sides with oil and arrange on a baking sheet . 	Broil for about 1 minute ,  turning once ,  until lightly toasted on both sides . 	Spread the pesto on the toasts and sprinkle with the cheese . 	Broil for about 1 minute ,  until lightly browned and sizzling ,  shifting the pan once halfway through . 	Serve the toasts right away .
Bake potatoes in a 350 degrees F oven until tender . 	When cool enough to handle scoop out the insides and put through a ricer to eliminate any lumps . 	In a small bowl combine the egg ,  salt and nutmeg . 	On a lightly floured work surface mound the potatoes making a well in the center . 	Pour in the egg mixture then ,  using your fingers or a fork ,  begin to mix the eggs into the potatoes working from the outside in as to not break the  " moat .  " 	When eggs are about halfway combined begin to sprinkle a bit of the flour and cheese over the potatoes ,  continuing to lightly knead ,  bringing the mixture together adding more flour as needed to make a pliable dough . 	Once the dough is no longer sticky the dough is done . 	It is important not to overwork the dough creating gluten giving the dough a dense texture . 	Working quickly and lightly will give you light ,  airy gnocchi . 	Dust the board with flour and roll 1/4 of the dough into a long rope about 1-inch thick . 	Cut into thumb size sections and set aside ,  tossing with a bit of flour to avoid them from sticking together . 	Repeat with the other pieces of dough . 	Using the back of a fork take each gnocchi and gently roll over the tines by lightly pressing with your thumb and allowing the gnocchi to fall off the fork . 	Boil gnocchi in a large pot of salted water until they float . 	When they float they are done . 	Remove and toss immediately with Spicy Tomato Sauce . 	Garnish with torn basil leaves and additional cheese . 	In a large saucepot over medium-high heat add olive_oil . 	Add onions and saute until softened ,  about 3 minutes . 	Add garlic and saute until fragrant . 	Add oregano ,  chili flakes and tomato_paste ,  stir until combined and paste cooks into the mixture ,  about 1 minute . 	Add red_wine ,  stirring until almost completely evaporated . 	Season with kosher_salt ,  pepper ,  to taste ,  and tomatoes using the back of a spoon to break up the tomatoes . 	Bring to a boil then reduce to a simmer and allow to cook down about 20 minutes . 	Taste the sauce and add red_wine vinegar ,  cheese and additional salt and pepper ,  if needed . 	If desired you may puree the sauce at this point using an immersion blender or keep it chunky . 	Serve with gnocchi .
Melt the butter in a saucepan ,  set aside . 	In a food processor ,  pulse the raw oats into tiny pieces . 	Combine all ingredients :  the butter ,  sugar ,  oats ,  flour ,  baking_powder ,  heavy_cream ,  corn_syrup and salt into a bowl ,  mixing until all ingredients are incorporated . 	Using a measuring teaspoon ,  scoop a spoonful onto a baking sheet . 	Be sure to space several inches apart ,  about 3 inches to prevent cookies from merging together . 	Bake for 6-8 minutes ,  or until the cookies have spread and beginning to brown around the edges . 	Let them cool on the baking sheet . 	Remove with a metal spatula and serve ! 	You can add a center filling ,  like raspberry jam or chocolate  ( white ,  dark or milk )  and make a sandwich . 	These little sweets are quick and easy to make and oh so good !
Peel and slice banana ,  and peel and cut oranges in little bits . 	Cut walnut_halves in bits  ( maybe 4 parts of each half walnut )  . 	Mix in a bowl . 	Sprinkle with coconut . 	Eat quickly .
Mix the garlic ,  salt ,  spices ,  and thyme with the sugar in a small bowl . 	Separate the meat and fat into 2 bowls ,  and rub each thoroughly with the spice mix . 	Cover and chill overnight . 	Grind the fat in a meat grinder fitted with a 1/4-inch plate . 	Grind the lean meat using a 3/8-inch plate . 	Mix the meat and fat together in a large bowl ,  stir the liquid_smoke into the cool water and add in to the meat . 	Knead till the water is absorbed and the spices well blended . 	Stuff the mix into the hog casings . 	Dry for 2 hrs uncovered in the refrigerator . 	Warm-smoke in a covered barbeque or possibly smoker at about 250 degrees for 2 1/2 to 3 hrs . 	Do not let them shrivel . 	Use immediately or possibly freeze . 	Makes about 5 pounds . 	Adapted
In a nonstick skillet ,  cook turkey and onion over medium heat until meat is not longer pink ;  drain . 	Add the potatoes ,  broth ,  carrots ,  celery ,  salt ,  basil ,  parsley and pepper . 	Bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat ;  cover and simmer for 8-10 minutes or until vegetables are tender . 	In a small bowl ,  combine flour and milk until smooth ;  stir into soup . 	Bring to a boil ;  cook and stir for 1-2 minutes or until thickened . 	Reduce heat to low ;  add the cheese . 	Cook and stir until cheese is melted . 	Remove from heat ;  stir in sour cream .
Position the rack in the center of the oven ;  preheat oven to 400 . 	Coat muffin tin indentations and rims around them with cooking spray . 	Place 1/4 cup unsweetened coconut flakes and brown sugar in a food processor fitted with a chopping blade ;  pulse until coarsely ground . 	Transfer mixture to a small bowl and stir in 4 tablespoons melted butter ;  set aside . 	In a bowl ,  whisk the flour ,  sugar ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda ,  and salt until combined . 	Stir in the remaining 1 1/4 cups coconut flakes until well coated ;  set aside . 	In another bowl ,  whisk eggs until lightly beaten ,  then whisk in the coconut milk ,  lemon_zest ,  and remaining melted butter ;  stir in the prepared flour mixture with a wooden spoon until moistened . 	Fill prepared muffin tins 3/4 full ;  sprinkle about 1 1/2 teaspoons of reserved coconut/brown sugar mixture on top of each muffin . 	Bake for 20-25 minutes or until the muffins are lightly golden brown with rounded tops . 	Set pan on wire rack to cool for 10 minutes ;  gently tip each muffin to the side to make sure it isnt stuck ;  gently rock it back and forth to release it . 	Remove muffins from pan and cool for 5 minutes on wire rack before serving . 	 * Chocolate Coconut Muffins :  stir 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips into the flour mixture with the coconut flakes ;  proceed as directed . 	 * Coconut Rum Muffins :  stir 1 teaspoon rum extract in with the lemon_zest ;  proceed as directed . 	 * Sweet Tooth Coconut Muffins :  reduce the unsweetened coconut flakes to 1/4 cup ;  stir 1 1/4 cup sweetened shredded coconut into the egg mixture before adding the dry ingredients ;  proceed as directed .
Cream the butter until it is light and fluffy ;  the butter should be almost white in colour . 	Add the horseradish_sauce and salt ,  if using ,  and beat into the butter to mix thoroughly . 	Transfer to a serving dish or small individual sized pots ;  chill until ready to use .
Preheat the oven to 350F  ( 180C )  . 	Warm the oil and the cubes of pancetta in a Dutch oven or other large ,  heavy pot set over medium heat . 	When the pancetta fat starts to color ,  add the pheasants and brown them lightly on all sides . 	Peel the garlic cloves and slice each one in half lengthwise . 	Add them to the pot with the sage_leaves ,  then pour in the Marsala . 	Let it come to a boil ,  cover the pot with a lid ,  and put in the oven for forty minutes . 	Turn the pheasants once during cooking . 	To make the mash ,  peel the potatoes and celery_root and ,  keeping them separate ,  cut them into large pieces ,  as you would for boiled potatoes . 	Put them in separate pans of cold water and bring to a boil ,  starting the potatoes ten minutes before the celery_root . 	As soon as both are tender ,  drain them ,  mix the potatoes and celery_root together ,  and mash with the butter . 	I do this with a potato masher ,  followed by a good whipping with a wooden spoon ,  but you could do it in a stand mixer if you dont mind the washing up . 	To serve ,  divide the mash among four warm plates . 	Lift the pheasants from the pot and put them on a chopping board . 	Using a heavy chef s knife ,  cut each one in half lengthwise  ( this sounds scary if you have never done it before ,  but you will find one good push should do it )  . 	Place half a bird on each pile of mash ,  then spoon over the hot juices and pancetta from the pan .
In a large soup pot ,  bring the water to a boil . 	Add the butternut_squash ,  onion ,  parsnip ,  3/4 of the chopped carrots ,  1/2 of the chopped scallions ,  garlic/paste ,  cooking wine ,  cumin ,  corianger ,  sage ,  and black_pepper . 	Stir ,  return to a boil ,  and then simmer covered on medium heat for 30 minutes . 	While saving the liquid ,  remove most of the vegetables from the pot ,  and puree in a blender ;  then return the vegetable puree and liquid to the pot . 	Add the chickpeas ,  cabbage ,  corn ,  and the remaining carrots and scallions . 	Adjust seasonings to taste  ( I like it with extra cumin_powder !  ) 	and serve . 	This goes well with crusty bread and a spinach salad . 	Enjoy ! 	Suggested accompaniments :  crusty bread and a spinach salad .
Hit the eggs slightly horizontally to create cracks on the non-pointy end . 	Put the salt and vinegar in some boiling water and boil the egg for 8 minutes . 	Once boiled ,  cool with running water . 	Heat some vegetable_oil in a frying pan and saute the beef . 	Add the ingredients and when the sauce is well-combined ,  transfer to a plate and let cool . 	Cut the eggs in half vertically . 	Cut the cucumber into long ,  thin strips . 	Set aside . 	Boil a lot of water and add the noodles . 	Boil for the amount of time specified on the package ,  then quickly cool under running water . 	Mix all of the ingredients together thoroughly . 	Mix together with the well-drained somen_noodles . 	Transfer to a plate to finish . 	Top with white_sesame_seeds to taste . 	Homemade gochujangis easy ! 	You just have to mix the ingredients ,  so please give it a try .
take phyllo dough rolls out of freezer and prepare the syrup : 	dissolve sugar in water in a a pan .  . add lemon .  . put on stove a let it boil until volume is reduced to half . 	Take off stove .  . let cool . 	After phylloo is thawed open the roll and spread the sheets on the kitchen counter and preheat oven to 325 . 	Spray all the top most sheet with cooking_spray and then flip it on the other side so that you have the oil in between the first two sheets	Mix raisin with ground_nuts and start adding thr mixture at the beginning of the roll	Start rolling the first two sheets tightly over the nut mixture till the end	Carry the roll as it is onto a greased pyrex oven pan .  . cover with damp towel so that it doesn't dry . 	Repeat with all the sheets . 	After rolling all 2 phyllo tolls  ( 40sheet =20 rolls )  Carefully cut through the rolls with a sharp knife to divide each Into 4 or more rolls . 	Melt butter in microwave and cover the surface of the rolls . 	Make sure it is evenly distributed . 	Put into oven and let cook until surface is golden . 	Take out of oven and add cold syrup slowly onto each piece . 	You don't have to add all syrup . 	Syrup should saturate the baklawa but not exceed that  ( otherwise baklawa will be wet )  . 	You can put baklawa on a strain before adding syrup to make sure you remove excess syrup . 	Otherwise ,  you can quickly transfer bakalwa to a new serving plate to make sure they don't stay with excess syrup .
Mix graham_cracker_crumbs ,  first amouint of white_sugar and butter . 	Press into 9x9 baking dish ,  reserving 1 tbsp of crumb mixture . 	Bake at 350 F for 8-10 minutes . 	Cook lightly beaten egg YOLKS ,  flour ,  second amount of white_sugar ,  water ,  lemon juice and salt ,  until thickened . 	Don't over-thicken as the mixture will become too globby . 	Spread over crumbs . 	Beat egg WHITES and third amount of white_sugar . 	When stiff ,  spread over lemon filling and sprinkle with reserved crumbs . 	Lightly brown in oven .
Cut bread into small circles with biscuit cutter . 	In a large bowl ,  whisk together flour ,  honey ,  baking_powder ,  and salt . 	Cut in butter until crumbly . 	Make a well in the center . 	Beat egg until light and frothy ,  and mix in milk ;  pour all at once into well . 	Stir lightly to form soft dough . 	Add more milk if needed . 	Turn dough out onto a floured surface ,  and knead 8 to 10 times . 	Pat or roll out to 3/4-inch thickness . 	Using a round cookie cutter ,  push straight down to cut . 	Arrange well apart on a greased baking sheet . 	Make a deep hollow in the center of each biscuit . 	Drop a small spoonful of jam into each hollow . 	Bake at 450F for 12 to 15 minutes .
Combine the wine vinegar fresh and dry_tarragon shallots and peppercorns and reduce by half . 	Strain and leave to cold . 	Whisk the egg_yolks with the tarragon stock in a heatproof bowl placed over a pan of warm water till doubled in volume . 	Remove from the heat and whisk in the clarified butter . 	Season to taste with salt and cayenne_pepper and add in a little lemon juice . 	For more flavour you can add in a lime more of the stock and if the sauce is too thick add in a few drops of cool water . 	Serves 4
HEAT oven to 375F Combine peanut butter ,  shortening ,  brown_sugar ,  milk and vanilla in large bowl . 	Beat at medium speed of electric mixer until well blended . 	Add egg . 	Beat just until blended . 	COMBINE flour ,  baking_soda and salt . 	Add to creamed mixture at low speed . 	Mix just until blended . 	Drop by rounded tablespoonfuls 2-inches apart onto greased baking sheet . 	Flatten slightly in a crisscross pattern with tines of fork . 	BAKE one baking sheet at a time 7 to 8 minutes ,  or until set and just beginning to brown . 	Cool 2 minutes on baking sheet . 	Remove cookies to cooling racks to cool completely .
In a large skillet combine onion ,  green pepper ,  undrained tomatoes ,  picante_sauce ,  garlic and cumin . 	Bring to boiling ;  reduce heat . 	Simmer ,  uncovered ,  for 10 min . 	Stir in beans . 	In a 13x9x2 inch baking dish ,  spread one-third of the bean mix over bottom . 	Top with half of the tortillas ,  overlapping as necessary and half the cheese . 	Add in another one-third of the bean mix then remaining tortillas and bean mix . 	Cover and bake in a 350 degree oven for 30 min or possibly till heated through . 	Sprinkle with remaining cheese . 	Let stand for 10 min . 	If you like ,  top with tomato slices ,  lettuce ,  green onion and olives . 	Cut into squares to serve . 	If you like ,  serve with lowfat sour cream or possibly yogurt . 	6-8 main dish servings or possibly 10-12 side dish servings .
Boil the konnyaku noodles for 2-3 minutes  ( boiling will help get rid of their smell )  . 	Cut the green_pepper ,  carrot ,  and chives into equal pieces . 	Combine the ingredients . 	Heat the konnyaku without oil . 	Once the liquid has evaporated ,  add the sesame oil ,  vegetables ,  and vegi-meat ,  and stir-fry . 	Stir in the ingredients and it's	The vegi-meat can be dried or canned and is usually found in natural foods shops . 	It's full of soybean protein and healthy for you !
Place the bacon ,  onion ,  and garlic in a large ,  deep skillet and cook over medium-high heat until the onions caramelize ,  10 to 12 minutes . 	Pour the chicken_stock into the pan ;  add the Brussels_sprouts . 	Bring the liquid to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon . 	Stir the mixture so the sprouts are coated in the liquid	Place a cover on the skillet and cook until the sprouts are cooked through yet firm ,  about 15 minutes .
In large heavy pan lightly brown beef and onion in oil . 	Add tomatoes ,  paste ,  water ,  parsley ,  salt ,  sugar ,  garlic ,  pepper ,  and oregano ;  simmer uncovered ,  stirring occasionally about 30 minutes . 	Meanwhile cook lasagne as directed ;  drain . 	In 13x9x2 "  baking pan ,  spread about 1 cup sauce . 	Then alternate layers of lasagne ,  sauce ,  ricotta ,  mozzarella and parmesean cheese ,  ending with sauce ,  mozzarella and parmesean . 	Bake at 350 for 40 to 50 minutes until lightly browned and bubbling . 	Allow to stand for 15 minutes ;  cut in squares to serve . 	Makes 8 servings . 	I make this a lot and serve with Italian garlic bread and salad . 	It always gets a rave review ,  especially if the mozzarella strings with every bite .
Saute garlic in butter over medium low to medium heat . 	Add cubed chicken pieces and cook for 2 minutes . 	Add mushrooms and stir for 3 minutes . 	Remove mushrooms and chicken and set aside . 	In a deep saucepan ,  add rice and stir for 3 minutes . 	Plop in the sauteed garlic . 	Add chicken stock ,  1/2 cup at a time ,  stirring and cooking until each addition is absorbed before adding the next . 	Add the chicken ,  mushrooms ,  spinach ,  and Parmesan cheese in ,  and give it a good mix . 	Serve and enjoy !
Firstly cook some rice . 	Dice the onion and garlic into small pieces . 	Chop all other vegetables and chicken into about 2cm cubes . 	Soak the chopped eggplant in a bowl of water for a while . 	Put olive oil into a pot and brown the garlic and onion . 	Then add in the chicken and saute until it turns color . 	Add other vegetables and saute well . 	Put in the curry_powder ,  cinnamon powder ,  bay_leaf and salt once all food has cooked through . 	Add one cup of water into the pot and cook for about 10 min on medium heat . 	When it starts to boil ,  turn to low heat and keep cooking for about 15 min with the lid on ,  stirring occasionally . 	Finally ,  pour in the coconut_milk while mixing gently . 	Add more seasoning if needed . 	Serve the curry on the cooked rice ,  and add mint leaves for a nice finishing touch . 	Enjoy .
Make crust :  Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit . 	Wrap outside of 9-inch diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides with double thickness of foil . 	Spray bottom of pan with vegetable oil spray . 	Finely grind cookies in processor . 	Add butter and process until blended . 	Press mixture onto bottom  ( not sides )  of prepared pan . 	Refrigerate while preparing filling . 	Make filling :  Combine cream and coffee powder in medium saucepan . 	Stir over medium heat until coffee powder dissolves . 	Reduce heat to low . 	Add chocolate ;  whisk until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth . 	Cool 10 minutes . 	Using electric mixer ,  beat cream_cheese and sugar in large bowl until well blended . 	Beat in cornstarch . 	Add sour_cream and vanilla ;  beat well . 	Add eggs one at a time ,  beating just until blended after each addition . 	Whisk one cup cheese mixture into chocolate mixture . 	Return chocolate mixture to remaining cheese mixture ;  whisk until smooth . 	Pour batter into crust . 	Place springform pan in large baking pan . 	Add enough hot water to baking pan to come halfway up sides of springform pan . 	Bake cheesecake until softly set and slightly puffed around edges ,  about 1 hour . 	Turn off oven . 	Let cake stand in oven 45 minutes . 	Transfer springform pan to rack and cool . 	Cover ;  chill cake overnight . 	Make glaze :  bring cream to boil in heavy small saucepan . 	Remove from heat . 	Add 4 ounces chocolate and whisk until melted and smooth . 	Pour glaze over top of cake . 	Using spatula ,  smooth glaze evenly over top . 	Refrigerate until glaze is set ,  at least 2 hours . 	 ( Can be prepared 1 day ahead . 	Cover and refrigerate . 	 )  . 	Using knife ,  cut around sides of pan to loosen cake . 	Remove pan sides . 	Cut into wedges and serve .
In large frypan or saucepan ,  I use my cast iron dutch oven ,  heat oil over medium high heat ,  brown lamb on all sides . 	Sprinkle with salt and pepper . 	Drain off fat . 	In bowl ,  combine orange_rind and juice ,  teriyaki_sauce ,  garlic and curry_powder ,  pour over lamb . 	Bring to boil . 	Reduce heat ,  cover and simmer ,  turning occasionally ,  for 1 to 1 1/4 hours or until lamb is tender . 	Transfer to plate ,  tent with foil and let stand for 10 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  skim fat from pan juices . 	In bowl ,  whisk flour into 1/4 cup of the pan juices ,  whisk back into pan and simmer ,  whisking for about 5 minutes or until slightly thickened . 	Serve over lamb . 	Garnish with orange slices and parsley .
Heat the oil in a heavy frying pan . 	Add not-too-thinly sliced garlic . 	Before the garlic turns brown ,  add the cubed ham and the slices of bread . 	Saute for a few minutes on medium heat . 	Add the sweet_paprika ,  followed by the water and salt . 	Bring to a slow boil . 	Boil for 5-10 minutes . 	To poach the eggs ,  carefully add eggs to the soup one at a time . 	Scoop out poached eggs one at a time into soup bowls . 	Then ,  slowly ladle the soup into each bowl .
In 5- to 6-quart saucepot or Dutch oven ,  melt margarine over medium-high heat . 	Add shallot and garlic ,  and cook 2 minutes ,  stirring frequently . 	Stir in wine and capers ,  and heat to boiling ;  boil 2 minutes . 	Add mussels to saucepot and cook over medium-high heat ,  covered ,  10 minutes or until shells open ,  stirring occasionally . 	Discard any unopened mussels . 	Serve mussels in bowls with sauce . 	Sprinkle with parsley . 	Mussels With Spicy Tomato Sauce :  In 5- to 6-quart saucepot or Dutch oven ,  heat 1 cup jarred spaghetti sauce ,  1/2 cup dry_white_wine ,  and 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper to boiling over medium-high heat . 	Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer 2 minutes ,  stirring frequently . 	Add 3 pounds mussels ,  scrubbed ,  with beards removed ;  cook and serve as above in steps 2 and 3 . 	Sprinkle with 1/2 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves ,  chopped ,  instead of parsley . Each serving of Mussels With Spicy Tomato Sauce :  About 250 calories ,  22 g protein ,  18 g carbohydrate ,  9 g total fat  ( 2 g saturated )  ,  1 g fiber ,  48 mg cholesterol ,  830 mg sodium .
Render salt_pork or bacon in a large stew-pot . 	Add meat . 	Cook over medium high until browned . 	Remove meat . 	Reduce heat to medium . 	Add onions and cook until tender . 	Return meat to pot . 	Add seasonings ,  beer ,  water ,  tomato_paste and Worcestershire_sauce . 	Stir and cover . 	Simmer until beef is tender ,  about 1 A 1/2 hours . 	Add vegetables ,  cover and simmer until done ,  about 45 minutes .
Place all chopped tomatoes ,  cucumbers ,  onion and parsley in a large bowl . 	Combine sugar ,  salt ,  pepper ,  vinegar and olive_oil in a mason jar with a lid . 	Shake well . 	Pour over vegetables and toss . 	Serve immediately .
To partly bake the pastry shell :  Bake in middle of oven at 400 degrees F .  for 8-9 minutes . 	Preheat oven to 375 degrees F .  Place oven rack in upper third of oven . 	Saute onions briefly in butter ;  set aside . 	Beat together salt ,  eggs ,  nutmeg and pepper . 	Gradually stir in spinach mixture . 	Check seasoning . 	Pour into pastry shell . 	Sprinkle cheese on top . 	Place on baking sheet . 	Bake 25-30 minutes or until puffed and browned .
For the Shrimp Roulade :  Blend the fresh herbs into the cheese . 	Blanch the spinach leaves for 2 minutes in boiling water and let cool . 	Butterfly the shrimp  ( split them down the center ,  cutting almost but not completely through )  and open them flat to resemble a butterfly shape . 	Dip the shrimp in cornstarch between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and pound the shrimp to a 1/16-inch thickness . 	Place 1 spinach leaf on each shrimp . 	Pipe a 2-inch strip of cream_cheese from head to tail down the center of the spinach . 	Arrange a strip of bell pepper along one side of the cream_cheese . 	Roll the flattened shrimp and refrigerate . 	A few minutes before serving time ,  dredge the shrimp rolls lightly in the seasoned flour ,  then in the egg_whites ,  and then in the bread crumbs . 	Preheat oven to 350 degrees F .  In a nonstick ovenproof frying pan ,  heat the olive oil until hot . 	Brown the breaded shrimp rolls until golden brown . 	Transfer the pan to the oven and bake for 8 to 10 minutes . 	Slice on the diagonal . 	Serve with the Tequila-Lime Relish . 	For the Tequila Lime Relish :  Mix all the ingredients and let stand for 1 hour . 	For garnish ,  use carrot peels and chives .
Trim excess fat from roast ;  wash and pat dry ;  salt and pepper to taste . 	Lightly dredge in the flour ,  shaking off excess . 	Tie securely with butcher's twine  ( kitchen twine )  . 	Heat the olive_oil in a large Dutch oven ;  brown the meat over medium-high heat on all sides ,  about 15 minutes . 	Remove meat and set aside . 	Reduce heat to medium and add a little more oil ,  if necessary . 	Add in the peppers ,  onion ,  celery and garlic cloves ;  saute 4 to 5 minutes ;  set aside  ( will be added back later to the braising meat )  . 	Return browned meat to the pot . 	 ;  add all remaining ingredients . 	Bring to a boil over medium-high heat ;  cover and reduce heat to medium-low . 	Cook ,  covered ,  very slowly ,  until meat is somewhat tender ,  about 2 1/2 to 3 hours . 	Add back the reserved peppers ,  onion ,  celery and garlic cloves . 	Continue to cook for another hour ,  adding more liquid if necessary ,  until meat is very tender and vegetables are cooked through . 	NOTE :  Turn and baste the meat several times during cooking . 	Remove meat from pot and let rest and cool down for about 10 minutes before slicing or shredding . 	Remove bay_leaves from pot and ladle vegetables ,  garlic and sauce over the meat on a warmed serving platter . 	Serve with garlic mashed potatoes or hot cooked rice ,  if desired .
Heat Olive Oil over medium high heat add red pepper and garlic for 1 minute then add sausage casing removed and cook crumbling until browned . 	Add tomatoes ,  simmer uncovered 15 minutes until sauce thickens . 	Cook Pasta . 	Add pasta ,  Vodka ,  and Cream to sauce ,  Stir and season to taste .
In a small saucepan ,  combine the vinegar ,  sugar ,  bay_leaf ,  1/2 teaspoon of salt and 3/4 cup of water . 	Wrap the cardamom ,  peppercorns and coriander_seeds in a cheesecloth bundle and add to the saucepan . 	Simmer the brine over moderate heat for 10 minutes . 	Put the prunes in a heatproof bowl ,  pour the brine over them and let stand for 2 hours . 	Drain the prunes ,  reserving the brine . 	Discard the spice bundle and bay_leaf . 	Simmer the brine until it coats the back of a spoon ,  10 minutes ,  then pour over the prunes in the bowl . 	Preheat the oven to 300 . 	Spread the pistachios on a baking sheet and bake until lightly browned ,  12 to 15 minutes . 	Transfer to a food processor and let cool . 	Add the garlic and lemon_zest and process until finely chopped ,  1 minute . 	Add 2 tablespoons of the olive_oil and 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons of water and process until a smooth paste forms ;  season with salt . 	Light a grill . 	In a large bowl ,  toss the spring onions with the remaining 1/4 cup of olive_oil and season with salt . 	Grill the onions over moderately high heat until tender and lightly charred ,  6 to 8 minutes . 	Quarter 8 of the prunes . 	 ( Save the rest for another use .  ) 	Spread the yogurt and pistachio butter on a platter . 	Top with the grilled onions and season with the Urfa pepper . 	Garnish with the prunes ,  mint_leaves and a drizzle of olive_oil ;  serve immediately .
In medium saucepan ,  combine broth and potatoes . 	Bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat ,  cover and simmer 8 minutes or until tender . 	Cool slightly . 	Place 1 cup potato mixture in blender ,  . 	Add milk ,  cover and blend 30 seconds . 	Return to saucepan . 	Stir in remaining ingredients . 	Cook over medium heat 5 minutes or until cabbage is crisp-tender .
Sift the flour ,  baking_powder and salt together . 	Work in butter and stir in enough milk to make dough . 	Roll out on floured surface . 	Cut into squares and dry until ready .
Using a blender or food processor ,  blend the strawberries and sugar together . 	Slowly pour in the milk and yogurt and blend until frothy . 	Garnish with a lemon slice or sliced strawberry .
Preheat oven to 350 . Remove white papery skin from garlic head  ( do not peel or separate the cloves )  . 	Wrap garlic head in foil . 	Bake at 350 for 1 hour ;  cool 10 minutes . 	Separate cloves ,  and squeeze to extract the garlic pulp . 	Discard the skins . Coat a 1-quart souffle dish with cooking_spray ;  sprinkle bottom of dish with breadcrumbs . Lightly spoon the flour into a dry measuring cup ,  and level with a knife . 	Spoon the flour and salt into a large saucepan ,  and gradually add milk ,  stirring with a whisk . 	Cook milk mixture over medium heat until thick  ( about 6 minutes )  ,  stirring constantly . 	Remove from heat . 	Stir in the garlic pulp ,  cheese ,  rosemary ,  and egg_yolks . Beat egg_whites and cream_of_tartar at high speed of a mixer until soft peaks form . 	Gently fold one-fourth of the egg white mixture into garlic mixture ;  gently fold in the remaining egg white mixture . 	Spoon into prepared souffle dish . 	Bake at 350 for 50 minutes or until puffy and set .
Cook pasta in boiling salted water until al dente ,  about 10 minutes . 	Drain and drizzle olive_oil over noodles . 	Gently fold linguine to coat in oil . 	Set aside . 	Heat oil in large skillet over low heat . 	Stir in onion slices . 	Saute until tender but NOT browned  ( about 10 minutes )  . 	Add garlic and saute another 2 minutes . 	Stir in lemon_zest ,  lemon_juice and parsley . 	Add salmon and carefully break up with a fork . 	Do NOT stir . 	Turn heat to high ,  but do not stir sauce . 	Toss linguine and sauce together . 	Serve hot .
To make crust : 	Position rack in center of oven ,  and preheat oven to 350'F . 	Crumble the graham_crackers into the bowl of a food processor and process until crumbs form . 	Add the cereal ,  sugar ,  oil ,  butter ,  egg_white and 1 teaspoon juice or water . 	Pulse until the crumbs are evenly moistened . 	Pinch a spoonful of crumbs together ,  and test whether they are moist enough to hold the print of your finger . 	If necessary ,  add a few more drops of juice or water and pulse once or twice . 	Turn the crumbs into an 8 inch springform pan and use your hand or the back of a metal spoon to press an even layer around the sides of the pan . 	Spread the remaining crumbs evenly over the pan bottom . 	Top with a piece of wax paper ,  and press to form an even layer ,  taking care not to build up the crumbs in the corner . 	Bake the shell for 7 minutes . 	Cool completely on a wire rack before filling . 	The crust firms and crisps as it cools . 	To make filling : 	Place the yogurt in a fine-mesh strainer set over a bowl and set aside to drain for at least 20 minutes . 	Transfer to a small bowl ,  and discard the whey . 	Drain the crushed pineapple in a strainer set over a bowl . 	Press the fruit lightly with the back of a large spoon to release all the juice . 	Transfer the pineapple to a small bowl ,  and reserve 1/2 cup of the juice . 	Place the cottage cheese in a strainer set over a bowl . 	cover it with a piece of plastic wrap ,  and press down firmly on the cheese to force excess liquid from the curds . 	Place the cottage cheese and cream_cheese in a blender or a food processor . 	Process for at least 3 minutes ,  or until absolutely smooth ,  with no trace of graininess ,  stopping once to scrape down the sides with a rubber spatula . 	Add the sugar ,  vanilla ,  pineapple extract and drained yogurt . 	Pulse until well blended . 	Scrape down the sides with a rubber spatula ,  and pulse several times . 	Add 1 1/2 cups of the drained crushed pineapple and pulse just to blend . 	In a small saucepan ,  combine the reserved 1/2 cup pineapple juice and the lemon_juice . 	Sprinkle on the gelatin and allow to sit about 3 minutes to soften . 	Then stir the mixture over low heat just until the gelatin is dissolved ;  do not boil . 	With the blender or food processor running ,  add the gelatin mixture and pulse to blend . 	Pour the filling into the crust and refrigerate at least 3 hours or overnight before serving . 	Once the top is firm ,  cover it with plastic wrap .
Preheat oven to 375F . 	Butter 9 x 5 x 2 1/2-inch metal loaf pan . 	Mix first 6 ingredients in large bowl . 	Stir in cheese . 	Whisk buttermilk ,  eggs ,  melted butter and chipotles in medium bowl . 	Add buttermilk mixture to dry ingredients ;  stir until blended . 	Spoon batter into prepared pan . 	Bake bread until tester inserted into center comes out clean ,  about 35 minutes . 	Cool in pan on rack 15 minutes . 	Turn bread out onto rack ;  cool completely .
brint to a boil in a saucepan--once boiling ,  transfer to an oven proof container . 	cover with foil bake one hour .
Mix oats ,  flour ,  sugar and coconut together . 	In a small saucepan over low heat ,  melt the syrup and butter together . 	Mix the soda and the boiling_water and add to the melted butter and syrup . 	Add butter mixture to the dry ingredients . 	Drop by teaspoons on greased cookie sheets  ( or baking paper )  . 	Bake at 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  for 18 to 20 minutes .
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F .  Line 15x10x3/4-inch baking pan with parchment paper . 	Set aside . 	Combine cereal ,  popcorn ,  apricots and pecans in large bowl . 	Mix honey and margarine . 	Drizzle over cereal mixture ;  toss to coat . 	Spread into prepared pan . 	Bake 10 min . 	or until crisp ,  stirring after 5 min . 	Cool completely . 	Break into bite-size pieces .
Place potatoes in large saucepan and add water to cover by 1 inch . 	Bring to boil over medium-high heat ;  add 1 TB salt ,  reduce heat to medium ,  and simmer ,  stirring once or twice ,  until potatoes are tender ,  about 8 minutes . 	Drain potatoes and transfer to large bowl . 	Add vinegar and ,  using rubber spatula ,  toss gently to combine . 	Let stand until potatoes are just warm ,  about 20 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  in small bowl ,  stir together celery ,  pickle relish ,  mayonnaise ,  mustard_powder ,  celery seed ,  parsley ,  pepper ,  red onion ,  and 1/2 tsp salt . 	Using rubber spatula ,  gently fold in dressing and eggs ,  if using ,  into potatoes . 	Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled ,  about 1 hour ;  serve .
Put olive_oil into skillet	Cut onion into rings . 	When oil is  . 	Hot place one ring into skillet	Crack egg into center of onion ring . 	Bust yoke if desired . 	When almost done cooking carefully flip over and cook a few seconds longer serve .
Add olive_oil ,  soy sause ,  balsamic_vinegar ,  minced garlic  &  Italian dressing in a gallon zip lock bag . 	Swish everything together . 	Add chicken breasts  &  onion . 	Reseal . 	Put in a dish . 	Refrigerate until ready to grill . 	Flip halfway through . 	When ready to grill . 	Heat grill  &  lightly oil . 	Remove chicken from marinate . 	Shake off excess . 	Throw the rest away . 	Grill chicken 4-6 minutes . 	Depending on the temp . 	Of your grill . 	Grill until done .
Chop cranberries in food processor or blender . 	Pour boiling_water into a large bowl ,  add Jello ,  sugar and cinnamon . 	Add cranberries and let sit for about 10 minutes . 	Finely blend orange and lemon . 	Add this and the rest of the ingredients to the bowl and stir well . 	Refrigerate until set .
Preheat oven to 400F . 	Toss crumbs with 2 teaspoons mustard ,  2 teaspoons oil ,  and mustard_seeds in medium bowl to coat . 	Scatter on rimmed baking sheet . 	Bake until golden and crisp ,  6 to 8 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  add enough water to deep large nonstick skillet to cover bottom . 	Add spinach ;  toss over high heat to wilt ,  about 2 minutes . 	Scrape into sieve set over bowl ;  press out liquid . 	Wipe out skillet ;  reserve . 	Transfer spinach to medium saucepan . 	Add 3 teaspoons mustard ,  half and half ,  and chopped thyme . 	Stir over medium heat until thick ,  about 3 minutes . 	Season with freshly ground black pepper . 	Remove from heat . 	Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in reserved skillet over medium-high heat . 	Crack eggs into skillet ,  spacing apart . 	Fry until whites are cooked through ,  3 to 4 minutes . 	Divide spinach between 2 plates ,  spreading out as base for eggs . 	Top with eggs ,  crumbs ,  and thyme sprigs .
mix 1/4 cup water and all sugar in a saucepan over medium-high heat til sugar is dissolved . 	DO NOT LET IT BOIL UNTIL SUGAR IS DISSOLVED COMPLETELY . 	Turn heat to high and cover and let boil for two minutes . 	Uncover and stir gently while it continues to boil until it turns a nice deep amber color . 	Remove from heat . 	CAUTION :  READ CAREFULLY :  Stand back to avoid scalding yourself as mixture will begin to bubble rapidly when you do the next step . 	Add the rest of the water and then when the bubbles settle a bit the vanilla and salt and stir gently to mix . 	Let cool and it will keep in the fridge for up to six months .
Combine cracker_crumbs ,  walnuts  &  butter till well blended . 	Press crumbs proportionately on bottom of springform pan . 	Bake in pre-heated 350 F oven 10 min . 	Cold on rack . 	Fry bacon till crisp ,  then crumble . 	Saute/fry onion in drippings till tender and set aside . 	Beat cream_cheese . 	Gradually add in Large eggs ,  garlic pwdr  &  cayenne . 	Beat till smooth . 	Stir in bacon and onions . 	Spoon mix into pan . 	Spread level . 	Bake 45 to 60 min or possibly till cheesecake is almost set and cracks on top . 	Cold completely . 	Store in refrigerator covered with plastic wrap . 	Just before serving at room temp .  ,  remove sides of pan . 	Garnish with circle of shredded carrot to edge . 	Place carrot curl in center with sprig of parsley . 	Serve with crackers or possibly carrot slices .
Preheat oven to 450 . Remove and discard giblets and neck from chicken . 	Rinse chicken with cold water ;  pat dry . 	Trim excess fat . 	Starting at neck cavity ,  loosen skin from breast and drumsticks by inserting fingers ,  gently pushing between skin and meat . Combine the rosemary and the next 4 ingredients  ( rosemary through garlic )  . 	Rub mixture under loosened skin ,  and rub over breast and drumsticks . 	Lift wing tips up and over back ;  tuck under chicken . Place the chicken ,  breast side up ,  on a broiler pan coated with cooking_spray . 	Pierce the skin several times with a meat fork . 	Insert a meat thermometer into the meaty part of thigh ,  making sure not to touch bone ;  brush chicken with Lemon Curd . 	Arrange lemons around chicken . 	Bake at 450 for 30 minutes . 	Reduce the oven temperature to 350  ( do not remove chicken from oven )  ,  and bake for an additional 1 hour or until thermometer registers 180 . 	 ( Cover the chicken loosely with foil if it gets too brown .  ) 	Remove the chicken from the oven . 	Cover the chicken loosely with foil ,  and let stand for 10 minutes . 	Discard skin . 	Serve with lemon halves ,  and garnish with rosemary ,  if desired .
Place frozen breasts in crockpot . 	Mix juice ,  broth ,  honey ,  dry_mustard and teryiaki sauce . 	Pour over chicken in crock . 	Cook on low for 4 hours . 	Add vegetables about one hour before serving . 	Place on TOP of chicken and do not stir . 	Cook the additional hour and serve over rice . 	Note :  If using non-frozen chicken breasts ,  you should subtract at least one hour from cooking time .
Cream together first 3 ingredients . 	Combine next 4 ingredients and add to creamed mixture . 	Mix until blended and add apples and cinnamon . 	Put into greased 8 "  pan . 	Bake at 350 degrees for about 40 minutes .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees . 	Combine oil ,  basil ,  salt ,  and pepper . 	Brush onto pita . 	Cut pita into eighths and place the slices on a cookie sheet . 	Bake for about 7 minutes ,  or until lightly browned and crispy .
Heat 1 Tbsp . 	of the dressing in large skillet on medium-high heat . 	Add meat ;  cook 2 min .  ,  stirring constantly . 	Add peppers and onions ;  cook and stir 5 min . 	or until meat is cooked through and vegetables are crisp-tender . 	Stir in remaining dressing . 	Place 2-1/2 cups of the greens on each of four salad plates . 	Top evenly with the meat mixture and cheese just before serving .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	Grease a 9-inch cake pan . 	Melt 1 tablespoon of butter in a small skillet over medium heat . 	Stir in the apple ,  raisins ,  1 tablespoon rum ,  and pinch of cinnamon . 	Cook until the apples are soft . 	Toss apples with bread cubes ,  and spoon into prepared pan . 	Combine brown_sugar ,  white_sugar ,  3/4 cup milk ,  evaporated_milk ,  1 tablespoon cinnamon ,  and 1/4 cup butter in a small saucepan over medium heat . 	Cook ,  stirring ,  until butter is melted . 	Whisk the eggs and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla_extract in a small bowl . 	Whisking constantly ,  pour hot milk mixture into beaten eggs . 	Pour custard over bread cubes and apples . 	Cover pan with aluminum foil ;  bake in preheated oven for 40 minutes . 	Remove foil and bake until pudding is puffed and lightly browned ,  about 10 additional minutes . 	While the pudding bakes ,  prepare the rum sauce . 	Whisk together 3 tablespoons milk and the cornstarch in a small bowl until smooth . 	Melt the butter over medium heat in a small saucepan . 	Stir in 1 tablespoon rum ,  1/2 cup milk ,  and 1/4 cup white_sugar ;  bring to a boil . 	Slowly add cornstarch mixture ,  stirring until sauce thickens . 	Remove from heat and stir in 1 tablespoon vanilla . 	Pour rum sauce over warm pudding . 	Let rest for 5 minutes before serving . 	The sauce will continue to thicken and form a beautiful glaze .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F .  Using a knife ,  score a circle around the top edge of the brie  ( leave 1/4 inch rim )  . 	Take a spoon and scrape the white rind off the center circle of the brie  ( to the inside of the 1/4 rim )  . 	Place brie on the center rack in an oven safe platter . 	Mix the pecans ,  brown_sugar ,  and Kahlua in a small bowl . 	Carefully place the mixture in then center of the brie and spread to the edges  ( staying within the 1/4 rim you left )  . 	Bake for 8-15 minutes until brown_sugar/pecan mixture begins to bubble . 	Be careful not to overcook  ( the brie will literally melt and lose its shape if baked too long )  . 	You want it nice and warm . 	Serve with crackers and apple slices .
Preheat oven to 350 . 	Grease bundt pan . 	Mix all ingredients together well . 	Bake for 45-55 minutes	Serve plain with whipped cream or ice cream .
In blender ,  combine Large eggs ,  gelatin and butter . 	Blend on low speed about 30 seconds ;  scrape down sides . 	Heat lowfat milk to boiling . 	Cover blender ,  start motor ,  remove cover ,  and add in warm lowfat milk slowly . 	Blend 10 seconds . 	Add in 8 packets Equal and extracts . 	Blend again . 	Spray a 9 inch glass pie plate with vegetable spray . 	Pour filling into pie plate and chill till hard ,  about 6 hrs . 	Mix pineapple and 2 packets Equal in a small bowl . 	Before serving ,  spoon topping over pie and spread proportionately .
Into a food processor with the metal blade ,  place the cream_cheese . 	Cut the butter into a few pieces and add it with the motor running . 	Process until smooth and creamy . 	Add the sugar and vanilla extract and process until incorporated ,  scraping the sides of the bowl . 	Add the flour and the optional salt and pulse in just until the dough starts to clump together . 	Soften the cream_cheese and butter . 	In a mixing bowl ,  cream the cream_cheese and butter until blended . 	Beat in the sugar and vanilla extract . 	On low speed ,  beat in the flour and the optional salt until incorporated . 	Scrape the dough onto a piece of plastic wrap and press it together to form a ball . 	Divide the dough into 4 portions and cover each with plastic wrap . 	Refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight . 	In a medium bowl ,  combine the sugars ,  cinnamon ,  raisins ,  and walnuts and stir with a spatula or fork until well mixed . 	Remove the dough from the refrigerator and allow it to sit on the counter for about 15 minutes or until it is malleable enough to roll . 	Place 2 oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven . 	Preheat oven to 350F . 	Using a floured rolling pin ,  on a lightly floured board ,  roll out each dough portion ,  one at a time ,  into a 9-inch circle to a 1/8-inch thickness ,  rotating the dough often to be sure that it isn't sticking . 	A great method that keeps additional flour to a minimum is to roll out the dough between two sheets of plastic wrap ,  well floured on the bottom . 	Flip it over ,  remove the bottom sheet of plastic wrap ,  and dust off any excess flour . 	Using the back of a tablespoon ,  spread the dough evenly with 2 tablespoons of the apricot_preserves . 	Sprinkle about 1/2 cup of the raisin-walnut filling over the preserves . 	Press the filling firmly and evenly over the dough . 	Using a sharp knife ,  cut the dough circle into 12 triangles or pieces of  " pie .  " 	Use a thin knife ,  if necessary ,  to loosen the triangles from the board . 	Starting at the wide end ,  roll up the triangle and bend the ends around to form a slight crescent shape . 	Place the rugelach ,  point underneath ,  about 1 1/2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets . 	Refrigerate ,  covered with plastic wrap ,  for at least 30 minutes or until firm . 	Clean the work surface of excess filling before rolling each batch . 	For the topping ,  brush the rugelach with milk . 	In a small bowl ,  stir together the sugar and cinnamon ,  and sprinkle the rugelach with it . 	Bake for 18 to 20 minutes or until lightly browned . 	For even baking ,  rotate the cookie sheets from top to bottom and front to back halfway through the baking period . 	Use a small ,  angled metal spatula or pancake turner to transfer the cookies to wire racks to cool completely . 	In an airtight container at room temperature or in the freezer . 	5 days at room temperature ,  3 months frozen . 	If the raisins are not soft ,  soak them first in 1/2 cup of boiling water for 1 hour and drain them thoroughly . 	The apricot is stirred instead of strained because straining thins it too much and it tends to ooze out the sides of the rugelach . 	Unbaked rugelach dough freezes brilliantly . 	This is a great dough to have on hand in the freezer . 	Simply add on about 5 to 10 minutes to the baking time . 	The rugelach are especially delicious still warm from the oven and are at their best when freshly baked . 	The dough is chilled before baking to maintain the most even shape . 	Lining the cookie sheets with parchment or foil keeps the sticky filling from baking onto the pan and makes cleanup easier . 	Allow the cookie sheet ( s )  to cool completely before using for the next batch . 	Distribute the cookies evenly around the cookie sheet . 	Avoid crowding the cookies into one section of the cookie sheet ,  leaving a large area bare .
Place drink mix in large plastic or glass pitcher . 	Add cranberry juice cocktail ;  stir until drink mix is completely dissolved . 	Refrigerate several hours or until chilled . 	Stir in club_soda just before serving . 	Serve over ice cubes in 8 tall glasses .
Mix ingredients in large bowl using a wire whisk . 	Serve .
Peel the kabocha_squash ,  and cut into 2 cm pieces ,  so that it cooks faster in the microwave . 	Wrap the kabocha_squash in plastic film and microwave . 	If a bamboo skewer goes through easily ,  it's done . 	The microwaving time varies depending on your microwave oven . 	Make sure not to let the kabocha_squash get too dried out . 	You can boil the pieces too ,  but they may get too watery and hard to form . 	If you have time ,  you can try steaming . 	Add sugar to the kabocha_squash and mix  ( make it as sweet as you like )  . 	When the kabocha_squash has cooled down ,  form into a pumpkin shaped ball in plastic wrap . 	You can let them rest overnight . 	Cut a piece of cucumber to look like the pumpkin stem . 	Make the face with nori seaweed - 3 triangles and the mouth . 	Put the face on the pumpkin ball . 	An example of how to use the pumpkin ball . 	I used it for a Hello Kitty themed charaben .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees . 	Spread dough on large greased cookie sheet . 	Drain artichoke hearts reserving some of the marinade . 	Set hearts aside . 	Brush crust with some of the reserved marinade . 	Brush on garlic . 	Sprinkle mozzarella_cheese over crust . 	Bake 5 minutes . 	Remove crust and spoon on sauce to your desire of thickness . 	Add artichokes ,  bacon ,  tomatoes ,  and onion . 	Sprinkle as much feta_cheese over pizza as desired . 	Sprinkle basil over crust . 	Bake 10 to 12 minutes longer or until crust is baked to your choosing . 	Cut into squares .
Pour all the ingredients into a large ,  tall 10-14 oz ice-filled Collins style glass . 	Top with the club_soda and gently stir . 	Garnish with as many fresh lime_wedges as you like ,  and a pink straw for sipping . 	VARIATIONS :  . 	Long Island Iced Tea :  Replace the spiced rum with white rum and the guava juice with orange juice and the club_soda with cola . 	Miami Iced Tea :  Replace the spiced rum with white rum and the guava juice with orange juice and the club_soda with cola and the Cointreau with blue curacao . 	New England Iced Tea :  Replace the spiced rum with white rum and the guava juice with orange juice and the club_soda with cranberry juice .
Trim fat from steak . 	Combine steak and remaining ingredients in a large Zip-Loc bag . 	Seal bag and marinate in refrigerator for 8-12 hours . 	Spray grill or broiler with non-stick coating . 	Remove steak from bag ,  and discard marinade . 	Place steak on grill rack or broiler pan . 	Cook 8 minutes on each side ,  or until desired degree of doneness . 	Let steak sit 5 minutes or longer ,  then cut diagonally across grain into thin slices .
Mix Rotel  &  tomato_sauce together . 	Dip each tortilla in mixture before browning lightly in hot oil in skillet . 	Sprinkle each tortilla with cheese ,  beef ,   &  onion . 	Roll up filled tortilla  &  place side by side in casserole ,  . 	Sprinkle lightly with cheese  &  warm in oven at 300F .
Heat marshmallows and butter over low heat . 	Add in cereal . 	Mix well . 	Press into greased 9 x 13 inch pan . 	Cold . 	Cut into bars .
Sprinkle the sugar into a small saucepan . 	Place the pan over medium-high heat and warm the sugar until it starts to melt and color . 	As soon as you see it turn brown ,  begin to gently swirl the pan . 	When the sugar has turned a deep caramel color  ( you can put a drop of sugar on a white plate to test the color )  ,  about 3 minutes ,  stand back and add the white wine and orange juice . 	It may bubble and spatter ,  so watch out . 	Turn the heat up to high ,  stir with a wooden spoon ,  and boil the sauce until it is reduced by half you should have about 1/3 cup . 	Pull the pan from the heat and set it aside . 	 ( You can make the sauce up to 2 days ahead and keep it covered in the refrigerator . 	 )  . 	Pat the scallops dry between two paper towels . 	Slice or pull off the little muscle attached to the sides of the scallops . 	Have a warm serving platter and a small strainer at the ready . 	Put the saucepan with the caramel sauce over very low heat so that it can warm while you cook the scallops . 	Put a heavy-bottomed skillet over high heat . 	When the pan is hot ,  pour in 1 1/2 teaspoons olive_oil and swirl to coat the bottom . 	Add the scallops ,  season them with salt and pepper ,  add a little more oil if needed ,  and cook for another 1 to 2 minutes ,  or until the scallops are firm on the outside and just barely opaque in the center nick one to test . 	Transfer the scallops to the serving platter . 	Check that the caramel sauce is hot give it more heat if necessary . 	Pull the pan from the heat and toss in the butter ,  bit by bit ,  swirling the pan until the butter is melted and the sauce is glistening . 	Season the sauce with salt and pepper ,  then pour through the strainer into a sauceboat or pitcher . 	Drizzle some of the sauce over the scallops and pass the rest at the table . 	Note :  For even better flavour in the sauce  ( imo )  ,  use the juice of a Seville Orange if you can access .
Note *  :  Probably only available in Canada ,  for ingredients see below ;  Make sure it is Original because there are different varieties ;  If you don't have access to President's Choice products use another similar brand or improvise with 1 cup of chopped canned tomatoes ;  It's really just crushed tomatoes with a bit of salt ;  President's Choice Splendido Original Magic Italian Sauce Ingredients :  Tomatoes ,  salt ,  natural flavour ,  citric acid . 	Melt butter over medium heat with olive_oil . 	When butter is melted and starting to sizzle add minced garlic . 	Sautee garlic for about 1-2 minutes being careful not to let garlic turn brown or burn . 	Reduce heat . 	Add all other ingredients and mix well . 	Turn up heat until gently boiling . 	Reduce heat and let simmer for about 15 minute . 	Taste test . 	If not spicy enough add a little more chili pepper flakes and/or cayenne_pepper to taste if you like it really spicy . 	Serve over favourite pasta cooked according to package directions . 	I recommend linguine .
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F .  Line a baking sheet with parchment . 	Fry the bacon in a nonstick skillet until cooked but not yet crisp . 	Remove the bacon to a paper towel lined sheet tray . 	Let cool . 	Reserve the bacon drippings in the skillet . 	Whisk together the flour ,  sugar ,  baking_powder ,  and salt in a medium bowl . 	Add the cheese and bacon and toss . 	Stir in 1 1/2 cups of cream with a wooden spoon until the dough comes together . 	Remove the dough to the countertop and knead briefly until it is smooth and uniform in appearance . 	Pat the dough out to a 1-inch thickness . 	Using a biscuit cutter dipped in flour ,  punch out dough rounds . 	Push together the leftover dough and pat out again to 1-inch thick and cut out rounds . 	Arrange the biscuits on the parchment lined sheet tray . 	In a small bowl ,  whisk together the remaining 1 tablespoon of cream and the egg . 	Brush the tops of the biscuits with the egg wash and sprinkle with kosher_salt . 	Put immediately into the oven and bake for 18 minutes . 	When the biscuits come out of the oven ,  start frying the eggs . 	Heat the same nonstick skillet used earlier  ( to cook the bacon )  over medium heat . 	Once heated ,  crack the eggs into the pan and cook until the white is set and the eggs begin to turn golden brown . 	Spoon some of the hot grease over the yolks to help it cook . 	Season with salt and pepper ,  to taste . 	To assemble the sandwiches ,  split the biscuits in half and spread some mango preserves on the inside of the biscuit tops . 	Put a small handful of arugula on each of the bottoms . 	Top with the fried eggs and cover with the top of the biscuit . 	Serve immediately .
Preheat barbecue to high heat . 	In a large spaghetti pot ,  heat virgin_olive_oil until smoking . 	Add garlic and luganeya sausage and cook until garlic is medium-light brown . 	Add collards and stir sausage through and allow to cook until liquid evaporates ,  8 to 10 minutes . 	Season with salt and pepper and set aside in warm place . 	In a blender ,  place tarragon ,  vinegar ,  scallions and Dijon and blend until smooth . 	Leave blender on and drizzle in extra-virgin_olive_oil to form a beautiful green emulsion . 	Pour into squirt bottle and set aside . 	Remove skin and bone from monkfish and season well with salt and pepper . 	Brush lightly with oil and place skin-side down on hottest part of barbecue . 	Cook 7 to 8 minutes on front side ,  flip and cook 4 to 7 minutes on other side ,  cooking through . 	Remove and slice into 12-inch slices . 	Divide collard mixture among 4 plates ,  place 2 or 3 slices of monkfish over greens and drizzle with tarragon vinaigrette .
Mix all together except the potatoes over low heat until melted . 	Shred potatoes into a 3 quart casserole dish and pour cheese mixture over potatoes . 	Bake for 1 hour at 325 degrees .
For crust ,  combine cookie crumbs and butter . 	Press into bottom and halfway up sides of a greased 9-inch springform pan . 	Cover and chill . 	For filling ,  beat cream_cheese 25 min in a large bowl ,  adding 1 package at a time . 	Add in sugar and beat 5 min longer . 	Add in Large eggs and egg_yolks ,  one at a time ,  beating 2 min after each addition . 	Beat in flour and vanilla . 	Beat in cream . 	Preheat oven to 500 degrees . 	Pour filling into crust . 	Bake 10 min . 	Reduce heat to 200 degrees . 	Bake 1 hour . 	Turn oven off and leave cake in oven 1 hour without opening door . 	Cold completely on a wire rack . 	Remove sides of pan . 	For topping ,  combine cornstarch and 3 Tbsp . 	water in small bowl ;  stir till smooth . 	Combine sugar and remaining 1 c .  water in a small saucepan . 	Stirring constantly ,  cook over medium heat till sugar dissolves . 	Stirring constantly ,  add in cornstarch mix and cook till mix boils and thickens . 	Remove from heat and cold to room temperature . 	Stir in blueberries . 	Spoon topping over cheesecake . 	Loosely cover and chill 8 hrs or possibly overnight . 	Serve chilled .
Heat the griddle  ( or non-stick skillet )  to medium-high . 	In a bowl ,  add all the dry ingredients and whisk to blend . 	In a smaller bowl ,  whisk the milk ,  egg ,  and vanilla until frothy . 	Add the milk mixture to the dry mix and whisk until smooth . 	Finally ,  whisk in the melted butter . 	Allow the pancake batter to rest for 3-5 minutes to thicken . 	Start by making one pancake as a test-batch to ensure your heat in accurate . 	Use a 1/4 -1/3 cup scoop to ladle the batter onto the griddle . 	Cook for 1-3 minutes per side . 	Flip when small bubbles rise to the top of the batter . 	If your batter thickens too much ,  add 1-2 tablespoons of milk to thin it just enough to pour . 	Makes 8-10 pancakes .
Melt butter in saucepan . 	Add the oil and garlic ;  saute until garlic is tender . 	Remove from heat . 	Stir in parmesan ,  chives ,  and mustard . 	Cool for 5 minutes or until creamy . 	Spread on one side of each slice of bread place . 	Place buttered side up on ungreased baking sheet and bake at 400F for 6-8 minutes or broil for 2 to 3 minutes until lightly browned .
Place the onion ,  rinsed beans ,  jalapeno ,  garlic ,  salt ,  pepper ,  and cumin into a slow cooker . 	Pour in the water and stir to combine . 	Cook on high for atleast 8 hours ,  adding more water as needed . 	If more than 1 cup of water has evaporated during cooking ,  then the temperature is too high . 	Once the beans have cooked ,  strain them ,  reserving the liquid . 	Pull out the onion and mash the beans with a potato masher . 	Add the reserved liquid as needed to attain the consistency you like .
Put the sugar ,  corn syrup ,  and water in a medium saucepan . 	Cook over medium-high heat ,  brushing down the sides of the pan as needed with water ,  until the sugar dissolves . 	Continue to cook ,  swirling the pan but not stirring ,  until the sugar is amber in color ,  about 8 minutes . 	Pull pan from the heat and carefully add the cream and butter . 	Take care ;  it may spatter . 	Whisk until smooth . 	Stir the chocolate ,  vanilla ,  and salt into the hot caramel until smooth . 	Serve sauce warm . 	Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week . 	Reheat slowly ,  in a microwave at 30 second intervals ,  stirring ,  until warm and saucy . 	Be careful not to over heat or butter can separate from the caramel sauce .
Preheat oven to 350 . 	Spray a 9x13 baking pan with nonstick cooking spray . 	Boil the jumbo_pasta_shells according to the package directions . 	Drain and rinse shells with cool water . 	Add one spoonful of ricotta_cheese and then one meatball to each shell . 	Place the stuffed shells in the baking pan . 	Top each shell with a spoonful of marinara_sauce and a few shreds of mozzarella_cheese . 	Bake at 350 for 15-20 minutes .
For the soup : 	Heat the EVOO in a soup pot over medium to medium-high heat . 	Melt the butter into the oil ,  then add the garlic ,  rosemary and onions . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Cook ,  partially covered ,  to soften ,  about 10 minutes . 	Add the wine and deglaze ,  then add about 1/2 cup stock and the whole head of cauliflower . 	Cover the pot and steam the cauliflower until very tender ,  about 15 minutes . 	Uncover and break up with a potato masher ,  then add the remaining stock ,  milk and potatoes . 	Season with a little nutmeg and cayenne ,  to taste . 	Bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are tender ,  10 minutes or so . 	Puree with an immersion blender ,  then simmer over low heat to thicken to desired consistency ,  and adjust seasonings . 	Cool and store for a make-ahead meal . 	For the breadcrumb topping : 	Heat the EVOO ,  1/4 to 1/3 cup ,  in a skillet over medium heat . 	Add the anchovies and stir until they melt away into the oil . 	Lower the heat ,  and add the garlic and some black pepper and stir a minute or 2 . 	Add the breadcrumbs and cook until deeply fragrant and well toasted . 	Remove from the heat . 	Cool and combine with the parsley and cheese . 	Store in an airtight container . 	Serve the soup in shallow bowls topped with the breadcrumbs .
Melt butter in saucepan over medium heat . 	Using a whisk ,  blend in flour until smooth . 	Gradually add milk ,  whisking continuously . 	Whisk in salt_and_pepper and simmer over low heat ,  stirring constantly . 	Cut potatoes in half and scoop out the  " meat "  ;  set aside . 	Chop half the potato peels and throw away the rest . 	When milk mixture is very hot ,  whisk in the potato  " meat "  . 	Stir in green_onions and potato peels . 	Whisk well ,  then add sour_cream and bacon . 	Heat thoroughly . 	Add cheese ,  a little at a time until all is melted . 	Garnish with green_onions ,  grated cheese ,  and bacon crumbles .
Mix all ingredients with electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment until well blended . 	Serve as a spread for bagels or as a base for vegetarian sandwiches .
Position a rack on the second-lowest level in the oven and preheat to 500F . 	Have ready a large roasting pan with a roasting rack ,  preferably V-shaped ,  set in the pan . 	Place the onion ,  garlic ,  apples ,  thyme ,  and sage inside the chest cavity of the turkey . 	Truss the turkey . 	Using a pastry brush ,  brush the turkey with the butter ,  season the turkey with a few grinds of freshly ground pepper . 	Place the turkey ,  breast side down ,  on the roasting rack . 	Acid the stock end apple elder to the pan . 	Roast for 30 minutes . 	Reduce the oven temperature to 350F . 	Baste the turkey with the pan juices and roast for 30 minutes longer . 	Remove the turkey from the oven . 	Using silicone oven mitts ,  regular oven mitts covered with aluminum fall ,  or wads of paper towels ,  turn the turkey breast side up . 	 ( It wont be very hot at this point .  ) 	Baste with the pan juices and return the turkey to the oven . 	Continue to roast ,  basting with the pan juices again after 45 minutes . 	At this point ,  check the internal temperature of the turkey by inserting an instant-read thermometer into the thickest part of the thigh without touching bone . 	 ( As a point of reference ,  when the internal temperature of the turkey reaches 125F ,  the turkey is about 1 hour away from being done . 	Of course ,  roasting times will vary ,  depending on the size of the bird ,  its temperature when it went into the oven ,  whether or not It is stuffed ,  and your particular oven and the accuracy of the thermostat .  ) 	During the last 20 minutes of roasting ,  brush the turkey with the maple syrup . 	Return the turkey to the oven and continue to roast until the instant-read thermometer registers 160 to 165F when inserted into the thickest part of the thigh without touching bone . 	When the turkey is done ,  tilt the body so the juices from the main cavity run into the pan . 	Transfer the turkey to a carving board or serving platter and cover loosely with aluminum foil ,  let the turkey rest for 30 to 40 minutes before carving ,  to allow the juices to redistribute . 	 ( The internal temperature will rise 5 to 10 degrees ,  while the turkey rests .  ) 	Carve the turkey  ( see Notes )  and serve ,  accompanied by the Applejack Giblet Gravy .
Fill shaker half full with cracked ice . 	Pour in tequila ,  liqueur and lime_juice . 	Shake well and strain into a martini glass . 	Garnish with orange twist .
Sprinkle ribs with garlic_salt and pepper . 	Coat ribs with generous portions of barbecue_sauce . 	Cover and marinate at room temperature for 2 hours . 	Bake covered 50 minutes at 350 degrees . 	Uncover and bake another 35 minutes . 	Serve . 	Note :  Chinese sweet and sour sauce ,  plum sauce ,  duck sauce ,  honey or jelly can be substituted for barbecue_sauce . 	These ribs are also excellent barbecued after marinating .
1 . 	Preheat oven to 350 F .  2 . 	Place the bread cubs in a greased 2-quart baking dish . 	3 . 	Add the chocolate_chips over the bread cubes . 	4 . 	In a medium-sized mixing bowl whisk together the milk ,  eggs ,  cinnamon ,  light_brown_sugar and vanilla extract . 	5 . 	Pour the milk mixture over the bread cubes . 	6 . 	Bake for 40 to 45 minutes ,  or until the custard is set . 	7 . 	Serve warm with a side of whipped cream .
Brown meat in oil ;  drain . 	Add remaining ingredients ,  except potatoes ,  carrots ,  celery and cooked_rice . 	Simmer for 2 hours . 	Add vegetables and contine to cook until vegetables are tender  ( 20 to 30 minutes )  . 	Serve over rice .
 ( I used homemade round wrappers for mine ,  but you can use the packaged wonton wrappers if you like )  . 	Make the filling :  In a pan heat 1/2 tablespoon of olive_oil over medium high heat ,  add garlic and mix until slightly softened . 	Next add onion ,  boiled_potatoes ,  carrot and salmon . 	Mix and saute until onion is softened and everything is heated through . 	Add pepper and salt . 	Mix well . 	Take a wrapper . 	Brush egg wash around the edges of the wrapper . 	Next place one tablespoon of the filling mixture towards the bottom part of the wrapper  ( put it on in a thin log shape )  . 	Fold the bottom half of the wrapper over the filling . 	Next fold left side over the filling . 	Now fold the right side over the filling . 	After that continue to roll up the wrapper into a tight cylinder shape and seal end . 	Assemble the remaining spring rolls the same way using up the remaining filling with as many wonton wrappers as you need . 	Deep fry the rolls in hot oil  ( over medium heat )  ,  flipping a couple of times until all sides are golden brown . 	Remove the fried egg rolls onto absorbent paper and serve hot with tomato sauce or green chutney . 	Enjoy .
Slice the eggplant into 1/2 inch round slices . 	Arrange the slices on a baking sheet and sprinkle generously with kosher_salt on both sides . 	Set aside for 1 hour to let the bitter juices weep from the eggplant . 	Meanwhile ,  make the marinara sauce . 	Heat the 2 Tbs olive oil over medium-high heat . 	Saute the onion for 2 minutes and stir in the garlic . 	Saute for another minute until lightly browned . 	Add the can of tomatoes ,  a sprig of fresh_basil and 1/2 Tbs of the dried_thyme  ( or a fresh sprig of thyme if you have it )  . 	Bring the sauce to a boil . 	Lower the heat and simmer for 15 minutes . 	Turn off the burner ,  remove the herb sprigs and leave the sauce until you are ready to assemble the casserole . 	Heat enough vegetable_oil over med-high heat in a large dutch over or high-side skillet to completely cover the slices of eggplant . 	Preheat the oven to 400 degrees . 	Place the flour in a deep plate . 	Whisk the eggs with the milk in another another deep plate . 	Combine the bread crumbs ,  1 tsp salt ,  oregano and other 1/2 Tbsp thyme and season well with black pepper in a third deep plate . 	Transfer the eggplant to a colander and rinse well with cold water . 	Blot the slices dry with clean kitchen towels . 	Dredge the eggplant in the flour ,  then dip it in the egg and finally dredge it in the breadcrumb mixture . 	Shake off any excess breading and lay the eggplant on a baking sheet . 	Fry the eggplant in the vegetable_oil in small batches . 	The oil should be 400 degrees . 	Basically ,  it needs to be hot . 	Turn it over once during the frying process and it should be golden brown and crispy on both sides . 	Remove the eggplant to a baking sheet lined with paper towels . 	Repeat with remaining eggplant . 	Prepare a 13x9 baking dish by brushing lightly with olive oil . 	Cover the bottom of the baking dish with 1/3 of the marinara sauce . 	Arrange half of the eggplant over the sauce . 	Cover the eggplant with another 1/3 of the sauce . 	Scatter half of the Parmesan cheese and layer half of the mozzarella over the eggplant . 	Repeat with the remaining eggplant ,  sauce ,  parmesan and mozzarella . 	Bake until hot and just beginning to brown ,  about 30 minutes . 	Serve immediately .
Heat oven to 350 degrees . 	Mix margarine and sugar and vanilla . 	Add in crushed potato_chips and nuts mixed with flour . 	Roll into balls about the size of a walnut and place on ungreased cookie sheet . 	Flatten down with a glass which has been dipped into sugar . 	Bake for 14-16 min . 	Makes approximately 5 dozen cookies
Rinse the yellow_split_peas in a sieve and allow to drain	Put everything except the chaat masala in a small pot	Stir to mix in the bouillon a little bit	Bring to a boil ,  then simmer gently for 25-30 minutes	You may need to add a little more water ,  but only if it looks really dry	Blend until smooth with a stick blender or in a blender jug  ( please be careful blending hot liquids !  ) 	Serve in a bowl with the chaat masala sprinkled on top
beat egg_whites til stiff . 	cream sugar and butter in separate bowl	sift dry ingredients	add to creamed mixture . 	add milk and vanilla	fold in egg_whites	pour into greased 9x13 cake pan grease and flour mine stuck a little with only greasing	bake 30 minutes at 350 degrees or until done  .
Rim the edges of two margarita or daiquiri glasses by running one of the squeezed lime halves around each rim ,  putting a little sugar in a shallow bowl and rolling each glass around in the sugar until the rims are covered . 	Blend the peach ,  lime juice ,  rum and powdered_sugar in a blender with about 20 ice cubes until all the ice is broken up and the mixture is smooth . 	Pour into the rimmed glasses and serve ice cold .
This recipe makes 1 pie crust . 	In a medium bowl ,  whisk together the rice flours ,  tapioca_flour ,  sugar ,  baking_soda ,  xanthan or guar_gum ,  and salt . 	Add the shortening and butter then cut it into the flour . 	When the shortening and butter are evenly blended and the dough is a coarse meal texture and the crumbles are the size of small peas ,  slowly add the milk and mix well . 	When the dough sticks together and can be molded ,  form into a ball ,  wrap with cling wrap ,  and refrigerate for at least 2 hours . 	Can be kept in the refrigerator for up to 2 days . 	Next ,  place the chilled dough in between two pieces of wax paper then roll out the dough into approximately a 12 disk . 	Next ,  carefully remove the top wax paper ,  then carefully place a pie plate in the center of the dough then carefully turn it over and remove the remaining wax paper . 	Carefully set the dough inside the plate ,  cut off the excess ,  and crimp your edges . 	Continue with your favorite pie recipe .
Boil water ,  add coffee and blend till dissolved . 	Add sugar and stir till dissolved . 	Add vodka and remove from heat . 	Cut vanilla_bean in fourths and place in a gallon glass jug . 	Add coffee mixture and store for 4 weeks ,  tightly covered . 	After 4 weeks ,  pour Kahlua from jug into bottles . 	Store tightly covered . 	Serve as desired .
Butter one 9x13 inch baking pan . 	Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	In a blender ,  combine persimmon_pulp ,  egg ,  sugar ,  flour ,  milk ,  baking_soda ,  baking_powder ,  cinnamon ,  salt and butter . 	Blend until smooth . 	Pour into baking pan and bake for 30 minutes or until a knife inserted in the center comes out with just crumbs but no batter stuck to it .
Heat oven to 350 degrees . 	Cook elbow_macaroni as directed on package . 	While macaroni is cooking ,  melt butter in a 3 quart saucepan over low heat . 	Stir in flour ,  salt ,  pepper ,  mustard and Worcestershire_sauce . 	Cook over medium-low heat ,  stirring constantly ,  until mixture is smooth and bubbly . 	Remove from heat . 	Stir in milk . 	Heat to boiling ,  stirring constantly . 	Boil and stir for 1 minute . 	Stir in cheese . 	Cook ,  stirring occasionally ,  until cheese is melted . 	Drain macaroni when done . 	Gently stir macaroni into cheese sauce and pour into ungreased 2 quart baking dish . 	Mix together bread crumbs and parmesan_cheese ;  sprinkle over macaroni and cheese . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  for 25 minutes or until bubbly .
Mix all ingredients only until blended . 	Pour into bread pan sprayed with Pam . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 45 to 50 minutes ,  or until firm to touch .
Place the veal_bones in a roasting pan . 	Bake at 450 degrees for 1 1/2 hrs . 	Add in the onion ,  garlic ,  turnips ,  carrots and celery . 	Bake for 30 min longer or possibly till the bones are browned . 	Remove from the oven and transfer the bones and vegetables to a large stockpot . 	Add in the thyme ,  bay_leaves ,  parsley ,  peppercorns ,  tomatoes and tomato_paste . 	Place the roasting pan over high heat ;  add in the wine . 	Cook for 2 min ,  stirring to deglaze the pan . 	Pour into the stockpot . 	Add in sufficient water to cover . 	Bring to a boil ;  reduce heat to medium-low . 	Simmer for 6 hrs ,  stirring occasionally . 	Reduce heat to low . 	Simmer for 4 hrs longer ,  adding additional water or possibly stock as needed . 	Simmer for 1 hour after adding water . 	Remove from heat . 	Let stand till cold . 	Skim off the fat and strain the stock into another pan . 	Store for 1 week in the refrigerator or possibly up to 2 months in the freezer . 	To prepare a demi-glace ,  add in 1 1/2 Tbsp . 	cornstarch mixed with 1 1/2 Tbsp . 	cool water to the stock . 	Simmer till the stock is reduced by half and is thick sufficient to coat a spoon . 	Yields 2 qts stock or possibly 1 qt demi-glace .
To prepare the ketchup :  Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F .  Toss the tomatoes in 1 tablespoon of the olive_oil and place on a baking sheet . 	Roast in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes or until soft . 	Transfer the tomatoes to a food processor and process until smooth . 	Strain the tomatoes ,  pressing against the solids with a wooden spoon to extract as much pulp and juice as possible . 	Heat the remaining olive_oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat and saute the onions and garlic until translucent . 	Add the tomato puree and remaining ingredients and continue cooking ,  uncovered for 25 to 30 minutes ,  stirring occasionally until thick . 	To prepare the burgers :  Shape the meat firmly into 4 round uniform patties about 1 1/2-inches thick . 	Brush both sides of the burgers lightly with the remaining olive_oil and season with salt and pepper to taste . 	Heat a large cast iron skillet over medium high heat until just smoking . 	Cook the burgers until done to your preference ,  5 to 6 minutes on each side for medium rare etc .
Adjust oven rack to lower-middle position . 	Heat oven to 325 degrees . 	In a large pan ,  fry bacon until it is partially cooked and you have about 1/4 cup of drippings . 	Remove bacon from pan and drain on paper towels . 	Add onion and bell pepper to drippings in pan and saute until tender ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add beans ,  bacon and remaining ingredients ;  bring to a simmer . 	 ( If there's not enough room in the pan ,  add beans and heat to a simmer ;  transfer to a large bowl and stir in remaining ingredients )  . 	Pour flavored beans into a greased 9-by-13-inch  ( or similar size )  oven-proof pan  ( a large ,  wide casserole allows the beans to thicken nicely )  . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  until the beans are bubbly and the sauce is the consistency of pancake syrup ,  about 45 minutes to 2 hours ,  depending on the  " juiciness "  of the brand of beans you use . 	Let stand to thicken slightly . 	Serve warm .
Mix chili sauce and mustard with wire whisk until well blended . 	Spread 2 tsp . 	mixture of the chili sauce mixture onto each cut side of roll . 	For each serving :  Fill roll with 1 chicken breast ,  1 process cheese slice ,  1 tomato slice and 1 lettuce leaf . 	Serve immediately .
Gather your mise en place . 	You will need all ingredients above 2 mixing bowls ,  plastic wrap ,  rolling pin and clean work surface .  .  . 	Add flour ,  salt ,  sugar ,  yeast and 1/2 the oil into your mixing bowl . 	If you have fresh active yeast you wanna put the yeast water and sugar into a separate container for 20 mins and let it bubble up before adding to flour	Start adding water and mixing till you have a ball of dough	Remove from bowl and lay on clean floured surface and start kneading till you have a smooth ball . 	About 10 mins Not too much flour but add little by little as needed	Rub oil on other mixing bowl and all over dough ball . 	Cover with plastic wrap and allow to double in size . 	About 30 mins to an hour depending on surrounding temperature	Once doubled in size remove from bowl and place on clean in floured surface and ,  press down all over on dough with all fingers to redistribute the gas bubbles ,  called punching ,  then portion out 8 balls and you could wrap in plastic and freeze for later date or roll out on floured surface to about 1/4 to a 1/3 of an inch thick	Bake in oven at 350 for about 15 mins or until it puffs up  . 	Or grill for about 2 maybe 3 mins on each side until puffed up .
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F . 	Arrange asparagus and capers in a baking dish ;  drizzle with oil ,  turn to coat . 	Season with salt and red pepper flakes . 	Roast asparagus ,  shaking pan at least once during cooking ,  until asparagus is tender-crisp and tips are golden ,  about 12 to 16 minutes . 	Let cool ;  serve warm or room temperature .
Place chicken breasts between 2 pieces of plastic wrap . 	Using flat side of meat mallet ,  pound chicken lightly into a rectangle about 1/4 inch thick . 	Remove wrap and repeat with other breast . 	Place 2 slices of ham on each chicken piece . 	Cut a cheese wedge into 3 or 4 pieces and lay along center of ham slice . 	Fold in bottom and sides ;  secure with toothpicks . 	Coat rolls with flour . 	Dip into bowl with egg and water mixture ;  coat with bread crumbs . 	Dip in egg mixture again ,  coat with more bread crumbs . 	Heat butter and oil in 10 inch skillet . 	Cook rolls until browned on each side and no longer pink for about 15-20 minutes . 	Bake in preheated 400 degree oven for an additional 15 minutes .
Mix first 5 ingredients . 	Fold in sour_cream . 	Pour into greased large black skillet . 	Bake at 400 degrees for 30 minutes .
Melt butter in medium saucepan on medium heat ;  stir in flour . 	Cook and stir 2 min . 	Whisk in broth and lemon juice ;  bring to boil . 	Cook and stir 1 to 2 min . 	or until thickened . 	Remove from heat . 	Add cheeses and bacon ;  stir until cheeses are melted . 	Serve with crackers . 	Pairs well with a glass of Pinot Noir . 	Please drink responsibly .
To grill Chayote ,  slice in 1/4 inch thick slices and sprinkle with salt and pepper . 	Let sit for a while and grill at high heat until almost tender . 	It still should be a little crunchy . 	Drizzle with hot sauce and serve .
Cook vegetables and seasonings until tender . 	DO NOT DRAIN . 	Blend butter and flour ,  and then add milk . 	Cook until thickened and add 2 cups shredded cheese . 	Stir into the vegetable mixture . 	ENJOY !
Heat butter and chocolate in sauce pan . 	Let cold . 	In a separate bowl mix sugar ,  Large eggs ,  cinnamon ,  rum_extract and salt . 	Gradually add in flour . 	Beat till smooth . 	Fold in chocolate . 	Add in nuts and cherries . 	Spread mix in 9 x 13 inch greased pan . 	Bake 35 min at 350 degrees . 	Cold before cutting into squares . 	Makes about 2 dozen .
Spray a 13 x 9-inch baking dish with non-stick cooking spray . 	Place the rice cereal and fiber one in a large bowl . 	In a saucepan combine the margaine with peanut butter ;  cook stirring constantly over low heat until marshmallows are melted . 	Pour the marshmallow mixture over the cereal ;  stir with wooden spoon until well coated . 	Add/mix in reduced-fat chocolate morsels . 	Press the mixture into prepared pan ,  using a rubber spatula to spread out . 	Cut into 24 bars .
In large heavy saucepan heat oil and butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and saute onion ,  carrot ,  and celery ,  stirring 2 minutes . 	Add beef and pork and cook ,  stirring ,  2 minutes ,  or until meat is no longer pink . 	Season mixture with salt and pepper . 	Add milk and nutmeg and cook ,  stirring ,  until most milk is evaporated ,  about 10 minutes . 	Add wine and cook ,  stirring occasionally ,  until liquid is evaporated ,  about 10 minutes . 	In a blender or food processor coarsely puree tomatoes with juice and stir into sauce . 	Cook sauce at a bare simmer ,  uncovered ,  stirring occasionally ,  1 hour and 15 minutes  ( sauce will be thickened )  and season with salt and pepper . 	Sauce may be made ahead and cooled ,  uncovered ,  before being chilled ,  covered ,  2 days or frozen 1 month . 	In an 8-quart kettle bring 7 quarts salted water to a boil . 	Cook pasta until al dente  ( about 6 minutes for fresh ,  longer for dried )  and drain in a colander . 	In a heated large bowl immediately toss pasta with sauce .
For noodles :  cook noodles according to package directions ,  drain and serve with buttered croutons on top . 	Cut the 3 lbs . 	chuck steak into 2 inch cubes . 	Cut stems from fresh_mushrooms ,  peel small white_onions and brown ,  in butter and salad_oil . 	Brown meat in pan after onions are removed . 	Place browned onions in the bottom of pan  ( 2 1/2 qt )  casserole . 	Spread proportionately . 	Arrange the browned meat in a layer over the onions and place the mushrooms over the meat ,  again in a layer . 	Blend flour into pan drippings and cook about 3 min . 	Dissolve bouillon cube in warm_water and gradually add in to drippings ,  stirring constantly . 	Stir in wine and seasonings . 	Cook till thick and smooth then pour casserole . 	Bake tightly covered at 325 degrees for 2 1/2 hrs . 	Yield :  4 to 6 servings .
Blanch the green_beans in lightly salted boiling water just until tender and bright green ,  3-4 minutes . 	Plunge them into cold water ,  drain when cool ,  and set aside . 	Melt the butter in a large ,  heavy skillet over medium heat . 	Add the balance of the ingredients and saute gently for 2-3 minutes . 	Add salt and pepper and serve immediately .
Beat butter and brown_sugar in large bowl of an electric mixer ,  until creamy ;  beat in eggs and vanilla . 	In separate bowl ,  stir together flour ,  baking_soda ,  and salt ;  gradually add to butter mixture ,  blending thoroughly . 	Add oats ,  chocolate chips ,  and nuts ;  mix well . 	Shape each cookie by spooning dough into a 1/2-cup measure ,  level off ,  and turn out onto a greased baking sheet . 	Space cookies a minimum of 6 inches apart and 2 1/2 from edge of baking sheet . 	Lightly grease the bottom of a pie pan ,  dip in granulated_sugar ,  and use to flatten each cookie into a 5 1/2-inch circle . 	To even each cookie's thickness ,  press it lightly with your finger ,  if necessary . 	Bake in a 350 degree farenheit oven for about 15 minutes or until edges are lightly browned . 	Place on baking sheets and allow to cool for 5 minutes ;  transfer to racks to cool completely . 	Store in airtight container .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Combine flour ,  baking_soda ,  cinnamon ,  salt and sugar together in one bowl ,  making sure there are no lumps of sugar . 	Combine pumpkin ,  eggs ,  applesauce ,  apple_juice and sugar together in a different bowl . 	Add the dry ingredients to the wet . 	Add the flax_seeds and diced apple . 	Pour into two greased loaf pans ,  and sprinkle the pumpkin_seeds on the top of the loaves . 	Bake for about an hour to an hour and a half .
In a large bowl ,  combine the flour ,  sugar ,  baking_powder and salt . 	Combine the egg ,  milk ,  oil ,  banana and applesauce ;  stir into dry ingredients just until moistened . 	Fold in the chocolate chips . 	Fill greased muffin cups two-thirds full . 	Bake at 400 for 20 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean . 	Cool for 5 minutes before removing from pan to a wire rack .
Saute leeks ,  garlic and thyme in hot oil in stockpot on medium heat until tender . 	Add vegetable_stock and potatoes . 	Bring to boil . 	Reduce heat to medium-low ;  cover . 	Simmer 30 minutes ,  stirring occasionally . 	Add to blender container in batches ;  process until pureed . 	Return to stockpot . 	Stir in cream . 	Cook 5 minutes or until heated through ,  stirring occasionally . 	Remove from heat . 	Add mustard ;  stir with wire whisk until well blended .
Combine crushed and diced tomatoes with chilies ,  onion ,  celery ,  bell pepper ,  and sugar in a small mixing or serving bowl . 	Let chill at least 2 hours before serving .
Heat ghee in a heavy-bottomed pan over medium heat . 	Add grated carrot and beetroot ,  saute for 2 minutes . 	Add milk and condensed_milk ,  and cook for at least 15 minutes ,  stirring constantly ,  until mixture has thickened and reduced ,  and water from vegetables has cooked off . 	Taste and adjust sweetness ,  adding more condensed_milk or sugar to taste ,  once again stirring well for 510 minutes until thick . 	Turn off heat and add cardamom_powder . 	Allow to cool . 	 ( At this point ,  you have halwa or pudding ,  and can serve this hot .  ) 	Once cooled to room temperature ,  shape into balls and add cashew pieces . 	Freeze for 5 minutes to allow them to set . 	Spread coconut on a plate and coat balls with coconut .
Slice the eggplant into 2 cm-thick rounds ,  and make shallow cuts in a crisscross pattern on the surface . 	Cover with plastic wrap and microwave for 3 minutes at 600 W . 	Heat some vegetable_oil in a frying pan ,  and add the eggplant slices . 	Cook over medium heat  ( Setting 4 on an IH cooker )  for 4 minutes until the eggplant is browned . 	Flip the eggplant slices over and pan-fry for 3 more minutes . 	Mix the ingredients and brush it on top of the eggplant . 	Flip them over once more  ( so that the side with the sauce is now facing down )  and cook briefly ,  then dish it up .
Mix red pepper puree and bistro sauce . 	Refrigerate until ready to use . 	Cut zucchini slices crosswise in half ;  place in large bowl . 	Add remaining grilled vegetables ;  mix lightly . 	Keep warm until ready to use . 	Grill pizza dough rounds on medium-high heat 2 min . 	on each side or until lightly browned on both sides . 	Cut mozzarella slices in half . 	Combine remaining cheeses . 	For each serving :  Place 1 pizza crust on sheet pan ;  spread with 3 Tbsp . 	 ( 45 mL )  of the red pepper sauce to within 1/4 inch of edge . 	Top with about 2/3 cup  ( 150 mL )  of the grilled vegetables ,  4 proscuitto slices and 3 mozzarella pieces . 	Sprinkle with 1 Tbsp . 	 ( 15 mL )  of the Parmesan mixture . 	Bake in 375 degrees F-convection oven 5 to 8 min . 	or until pizza is heated through and cheese is melted . 	Sprinkle with 1 Tbsp . 	 ( 15 mL )  of the combined herbs .
Put all ingredients in a small saucepan . 	Bring to a boil over a medium heat ,  stirring the whole time . 	Turn off heat and allow topping to cool slightly before serving over ice cream .
Cut into belly of the horse mackerel ,  remove the innards and gills ,  and rinse well . 	Blot dry with a paper towel ,  make a cut down the belly ,  and liberally season the inside and outside with salt . 	Thinly slice the onion ,  and cut the tomatoes and green_beans into desired sizes . 	Separate the shimeji_mushrooms into small bunches . 	Lay a bed of onions in a heat-resistant dish ,  then arrange the vegetables and mackerel on top . 	Sprinkle on the wine ,  season with pepper and herbs ,  then drizzle olive oil over everything . 	Bake for about 20 minutes to a nice ,  delicious color and serve . 	The serving size is a lot smaller ,  but here it is with freshly caught horse mackerel . 	It sure is tasty . 	I didn't add the tomatoes ,  but here it is seasoned with tasty ,  freshly pressed olive oil and a generous garnishing of herbs . 	I was tempted into buying these beautiful horse mackerel . 	I baked them up with a refreshing taste with thyme and rosemary . 	Here it is baked up with some delicious salt I was given ,  and garnished liberally with my fresh garden herbs . 	I added cabbage to the bed of onions to absorb the flavors .
In a small heavy saucepan combine maple_syrup ,  water ,  gingerroot ,  garlic ,  red pepper flakes ,  and salt and simmer until reduced to about 1/2 cup . 	Cool basting sauce . 	Preheat broiler . 	Arrange salmon ,  skin sides down ,  on oiled rack of broiler pan and season with salt . 	Broil salmon about 4 inches from heat 4 minutes . 	Brush salmon with sauce and broil until just cooked through ,  about 6 minutes more .
Stir together the water and sugar in a small bowl . 	Sprinkle the yeast over the top and set aside until bubbly ,  15 minutes . 	Place the 3 1/2 cups flour and salt in a large bowl and mix with a fork . 	Make a well in the center and add the 1/4 cup oil ,  the zest ,  garlic ,  olives ,  and yeast mixture . 	Stir together until fairly well mixed ;  then use your hands to knead the mixture into a crumbly ball . 	Transfer the dough to a lightly floured surface and knead until it is smooth and elastic and no longer sticky ,  10 minutes . 	Lightly bush the dough with oil ,  cover it with a cloth ,  and set it aside in a warm place to rise until doubled in bulk ,  about 2 hours . 	Lightly grease a baking sheet with oil . 	Punch down the dough and knead it again for 1 minutes . 	Pat the dough into a ball and flatten it slightly to make a round about 6 inches in diameter . 	Place the dough round on the prepared baking sheet and set it aside in a warm place until doubled in bulk again ,  about 1 1/2 hours . 	When ready to bake the bread ,  preheat the oven to 425F . 	Place the bread in the oven and bake until quite golden ,  30 minutes . 	Brush the top and sides of the loaf liberally with oil and continue baking until browned and hollow sounding when tapped ,  5 minutes more . 	Remove the bread from the oven and cool on the baking sheet until ready to serve . 	VARIATION :  Olive Cheese Bread :  Olive Garlic Bread easily turns into another Cypriot loaf ,  a cheese and olive bread . 	Omit  ( or leave in )  the garlic and lemon_zest and add 1 cup grated cheese ,  preferably Cypriot haloumi . 	THE NONTRADITIONAL CHOICE :  . 	While it is easier to use Kalamata olives  ( they are readily available and can be bought pitted )  ,  traditionally Cypriotic olive breads use only oil-cured or oil-and-salt-brined olives ,  never those that are cured even partly in vinegar ,  as Kalamatas are . 	Cyprus produces both green and black olives ,  plump to wrinkled ,  cured in numerous ways . 	Using Kalamata olives for the olive flatbread ,  the taste of the bread ,  while slightly tarter than the traditional ,  is still excellent . 	Adventures In Greek Cooking .
NOTE :  for a more Asian flare ,  use a little bit less butter and add some toasted or regular sesame oil . 	If using frozen snow_peas ,  thaw first . 	Melt butter over medium heat and lightly brown the slivered_almonds . 	Add snow_peas ,  fresh mint and 2 tablespoons water . 	Cover pan and cook 2-3 minutes or just until snow_peas are crisp-tender . 	Season with salt and pepper to taste .
Heat oven to 350 degrees F . 	Layer turkey on bottom of 13x9 pan . 	Layer green_beans over top . 	In a bowl ,  combine soup and milk ,  whisk until smooth . 	Pour soup mixture over turkey and green_beans . 	Add water amount called for on stuffing mix to stuffing mix . 	You don't need to add the butter . 	Spread stuffing mix over turkey ,  green_beans and soup . 	Bake for about 30 minutes ,  or until casserole is heated through ,  and stuffing is well-browned .
Mix Fried sausage and rest of ingredients ,   ( except cresent rolls )  . 	Open cresent rolls ,  divide into 6 ,  pinch seams  ( 2 cresent rolls per )  . 	Divide sausage and put in center ,  pull up and pinch seams . 	Bake at 375 for 20 minutes .
In a wide skillet large enough to accommodate the cooked pasta later ,  warm the olive oil over medium-low heat . 	Add the garlic and sausage and saute . 	When the garlic is well softened and fragrant and the sausage is lightly browned ,  after about 7 minutes ,  add the beans . 	Using a wooden spoon ,  stir them with the oil and break them up a little . 	Stir in the bean liquid and the meat_broth . 	Simmer ,  uncovered ,  over medium-low heat until the liquid has thickened to a sauce consistency ,  about 20 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  bring a large pot filled with water to a rolling boil . 	Stir in the pasta and the kosher_salt . 	Cook ,  always over the highest possible heat and stirring constantly to prevent the strands from sticking together ,  until the pasta is almost cooked . 	Cooking time depends on what type of pasta is used . 	Fresh bigoli are cooked as soon as the water returns to the boil and the noodles rise to the surface ,  about 3 minutes . 	Factory-made bucatini cook quickly because they are hollow and their walls are thin ,  no more than 7 minutes . 	Penne or perciatelli usually take another minute or two to cook . 	Add a glass of cold water to the pot to arrest the boiling and drain immediately . 	Transfer the pasta to the skillet with the bean sauce . 	Toss together over high heat with the parsley and plenty of pepper . 	Serve immediately .
In a preheated saute pan over medium-low heat ,  pan roast the garlic in olive_oil ,  tossing only once . 	Allow to brown for about 5 to 10 minutes . 	Drain the cloves through a strainer . 	Allow to cool before mashing roughly with fork . 	Add thyme to garlic paste and mash that in as well . 	When they are pasty but still chunky ,  mix in the Dijon_mustard . 	Season ,  to taste ,  with salt and pepper . 	Preheat oven to 450 degrees F .  Preheat a grill ,  or stovetop grill pan ,  to high . 	Pound the salt and pepper into the steaks to cover well . 	Drizzle steaks on both sides with olive_oil . 	Place meat on grill to brown ,  about 5 minutes each side . 	Remove steaks from grill and place on a large baking sheet . 	Cover top generously with garlic-mustard coating . 	Top with large piles of Parmesan ,  spreading out to edges carefully with fingers . 	Place steaks in oven for 8 or 9 minutes . 	Pull steaks from oven and allow to rest for a few minutes before slicing .
Heat oven to 450 degrees F . 	Cook and stir vegetables in 1 Tbsp . 	dressing in skillet on medium heat 3 min . 	Place pizza crust on baking sheet sprayed with cooking spray ;  brush with remaining dressing . 	Top with cheese ,  pepperoni ,  vegetables and olives . 	Bake 10 to 12 min . 	or until cheese is melted and edge of crust is golden brown . 	Sprinkle with thyme .
Combine fruit ,  brown_sugar and water in a skillet and bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat and simmer until just tender ,  about 15 minutes ,  stirring occasionally . 	Add orange_juice and ginger ,  curry_powder and a pinch of ground_cloves . 	Simmer ,  reducing mixture to desired thickness . 	Partly cool ,  then stir in raisins and toasted nuts  ( like macadamia )  ,  and serve .
Cook pasta according to package directions . 	Meawhile puree red peppers in blender or food processor . 	Add peppers and cheese spread to drained pasta and over low heat stir until cheese is melted .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees . 	Sift together flour ,  baking_powder ,  salt ,  and cinnamon in a small bowl . 	In a large bowl mix together butter and sugar . 	Add eggs 1 at a time . 	Add flour mixture . 	Fold in bananas ,  apple ,  and walnuts . 	Pour into greased loaf pan or muffin tin . 	Bake for 30-35 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean .
Place grated zucchini in a colander ;  sprinkle with salt and let stand 30 minutes . 	Press with paper towels to remove as much liquid as possible ;  zucchini should be fairly dry and reduced to about 2 cups . 	Mix zucchini ,  bread crumbs ,  green_onions ,  bell pepper ,  seafood_seasoning ,  mustard ,  mayonnaise ,  and red_pepper_flakes in a large bowl . 	Form into 8 patties ,  3 to 4 inches across . 	Heat oil and butter in a skillet over medium-high heat . 	Fry patties until golden brown ,  about 4 minutes per side . 	Drain on paper towels .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F .  Slice pitas horizontally if thick . 	Cut pitas into triangles . 	Spread pitas on a baking sheet ,  being careful not to overlap pitas . 	Drizzle with olive oil ,  and spinkle salt evenly on both sides . 	Bake pitas 10-14 minutes or until crisp and golden . 	Serving suggestions :  Serve with guacamole ,  salsa ,  hummus ,  bean dip ,  dressings ,  etc .
Combine syrup ,  juice and alcohol in shaker . 	Shake vigorously and strain . 	Serve immediately .
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil . 	Stir in the fettuccine ,  bring back to a boil ,  and cook pasta over medium heat until cooked through but still firm to the bite ,  about 8 minutes . 	Drain and transfer to a serving bowl . 	Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat . 	Saute mushrooms and sausage in butter until mushrooms are tender and sausage is browned and crumbly ,  10 to 12 minutes . 	Stir spinach into mushroom mixture and cook until heated through ,  5 to 10 minutes . 	Remove from heat . 	Stir ricotta_cheese into mushroom mixture until well-mixed ;  add lemon_juice . 	Pour mushroom mixture over fettuccine and toss to coat .
Preheat oven to 325 . 	Coat 9 x 5 inch loaf pan with cooking_spray . 	linte the pan with parchment paper ,  and coat with cooking_spray . 	Lightly spoon flours into dry measuring cups ,  and level with a knife . 	Combine flours and next 6 ingredients  ( through salt )  . 	Combine buttermilk and egg . 	Add to flour mixture and stir until just combined . 	Spoon the mixture into prepared pan . 	Bake at 325 for 1 hour and 5 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in centre comes out clean . 	Invert bread onto wire rack ,  cool completely . 	Remove parchment . 	Slice bread into 12 pieces .
Cut the greens off the beets and discard the tough stems . 	Roughly chop the leaves and tender stems . 	In a medium saucepan ,  cover the beets with the water and bring to a boil . 	Simmer over low heat until the beets are tender ,  about 45 minutes . 	Strain the beet-cooking liquid into a large bowl . 	Transfer the beets to a plate and let cool ,  then peel and coarsely grate them on a box grater . 	Heat the oil in a saucepan . 	Add the shrimp shells ,  season with salt and pepper and cook over moderately high heat ,  stirring ,  until the shells start to brown ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add the tomato_paste and cook ,  stirring ,  until glossy ,  about 2 minutes . 	Add the beet liquid and bring to a boil ,  then simmer for 20 minutes ,  skimming occasionally . 	Strain the broth into a large saucepan . 	Add the onions ,  celery ,  beet greens and grated beets and bring to a boil . 	Cover and simmer over low heat until the celery and onions are very tender ,  about 25 minutes . 	Add the shrimp and simmer until just cooked through ,  about 1 minute . 	Remove from the heat and let stand for a few minutes . 	In a small bowl ,  combine the sour_cream ,  dill ,  garlic and lemon_salt . 	Stir the sour_cream into the soup ,  season with pepper and serve .
Preheat oven to 400F . 	Mix first 5 ingredients in large bowl . 	Add butter ;  rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal . 	Make well in center of mixture . 	Add sour_cream and vanilla to well . 	Using fork ,  stir sour_cream mixture into dry mixture until dough forms . 	Turn out onto lightly floured surface . 	Sprinkle apricots over . 	Knead dough until apricots are incorporated ,  about 10 turns . 	Flatten dough into 8-inch round . 	Cut into 8 wedges . 	Transfer wedges to baking sheet . 	Brush with egg . 	Sprinkle with brown sugar . 	Bake until golden ,  about 20 minutes . 	Serve warm or at room temperature .
Brown short ribs ,  then add in garlic . 	Add in remaining ingredients and cover tightly . 	A few small carrots and potatoes may be added if you like . 	Bake at 325 degrees for 2 hrs ,  or possibly till meat is tender . 	Serves 6 . 	This recipe may be doubled .
Put a little cold_water in the bottom of a 2 QT pitcher . 	Add the 8 packets of cider mix ,  the 2 cups of cranberry drink and mix very well with a whisk . 	Add 2 - 3 cups more of cold_water and ice to fill the pitcher . 	I usually put more ice than water and let it melt a while so it's super cold .
Add the sugar to the gelatin . 	Stir in the boiling_water and stir until the gelatin is dissolved . 	Stir in the cold_water or the pineapples juice . 	Chill until gelatin is thick . 	Finely grind the cranberries and the orange in food processor or run through the meat grinder . 	Add the ground cranberry mixture ,  drained crushed_pineapple ,  grapes and cubed apples to the thickened gelatin . 	Pour mixture into one 9 x 13 inch pan or a large bowl . 	Refrigerate overnight before serving .
Process ingredients in food processor until blended ;  spoon into serving bowl . 	Refrigerate several hours or until slightly thickened . 	Let stand at room temperature 10 min . 	before serving .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F . 	Line two twelve cup muffin tins with cupcake lines . 	In a large bowl ,  using a wire whisk ,  stir together flour ,  white or brown sugar ,  cocoa ,  soda ,  powder ,  and salt . 	Stir in all wet ingredients- vanilla ,  eggs ,  oil ,  and coffee or cola ,  and buttermilk ,  to dry mixture ,  using a large wire whisk ,  or beat on electric mixer on medium speed for two minutes . 	Pour into prepared pan . 	Batter will be thin . 	Bake for 20-24 minutes or until cupcakes test done . 	 ( Cupcakes should be slightly puffed up in centre and spring back when touched )  . 	Freeze frosted or unfrosted . 	Makes 18 to 24  ( medium )  . 	Recipe can be doubled or tripled .
Preheat the oven to 450 . 	In a mixing bowl ,  combine the flour ,  salt ,  baking_soda ,  and baking_powder . 	Cut in the shortening ,  using your fingers or a pastry cutter ,  until the flour mixture has the consistency of course-ground cornmeal . 	Make a well in the center of the dry mixture and add the buttermilk . 	Stir the mixture until the buttermilk is fully incorporated . 	Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead carefully a couple of times . 	To make the biscuits ,  pinch off a 3-inch ball of dough and mold a slightly rounded ball . 	Place the biscuits onto an ungreased baking pan . 	Bake for 15-18 minutes ,  or until the tops of the biscuits turn a light golden brown . 	Remove from the oven and brush with melted butter .
Mix meat ,  egg ,  ketchup ,  1/2 cup of the cheese ,  the Worcestershire sauce and coating mix . 	Shape into four 1/2-inch-thick patties . 	Place patties in nonstick skillet on medium heat ;  cover . 	Cook 5 min . 	Turn burgers over ;  sprinkle evenly with remaining 1/2 cup cheese . 	Cook ,  uncovered ,  5 min . 	or until burgers are cooked through  ( 160F )  . 	Serve in the buns .
Add evrithing in a blender and blend until evrithing is smooth . 	Pour in a glass and drink right away .
Preheat oven to 180 degrees Celcius . 	Place the chicken pieces on a roasting tray with a rack ,  skin side up . 	Rub the skin with a little salt . 	Roast for 30 minutes or until chicken is cooked and the skin is fairly crispy . 	Meanwhile ,  warm the garlic and onion in the oil until fragrant . 	Add the chilli and capers and stir for a minute or two . 	Add all remaining ingredients except herbs ,  and lower heat . 	Leave to simmer while the chicken continues to cook ,  which will probably be about twenty minutes . 	It will start to thicken and become more full bodied in flavour . 	Place the chicken on a serving plate and pour the sauce over the top . 	Scatter with the fresh_herbs and serve .
Mix miso ,  tahini ,  water ,  and sugar in a large saucepan over low heat . 	Whisk until blended . 	Add ginger ,  soya_sauce and fish_sauce . 	Place fish in pan and cook 3-5 mins per side . 	Serve fish drizzled with sauce and garnished with cilantro .
Wash the octopus well . 	Put it in a saucepan and add olive oil to cover ,  the garlic ,  chiles ,  thyme ,  and salt . 	Bring to a very slow simmer over medium-high heat  ( if you have a thermometer ,  the ideal temperature is about 190F )  . 	Adjust the heat to maintain this slow simmer and cook until the octopus is tender ,  an hour or more  ( check with the point of a sharp knife )  . 	Transfer the garlic and octopus to a platter and discard the chiles ,  thyme ,  and oil or reserve the oil for another use ,  like sauteing fish or other seafood . 	Serve warm or cool ,  drizzled with soy_sauce and lime juice .
Whisk together cool whip ,  pudding mix and sour_cream . 	Add all canned fruits-stir gently . 	Lastly mix in fresh fruits . 	May use more or less fresh fruits depending on desired consistency . 	Chill a couple hours in refrigerator .
Slice polenta into 8 1/2-inch-thick slices ,  and set aside . 	Slice soy breakfast_sausage into 8 1/2-inch-thick slices ,  and set aside . 	Spray a large nonstick skillet with nonstick cooking spray ,  and heat over medium-low heat . 	Place the polenta slices into the skillet ,  and brown on one side for about 5 minutes . 	Using a spatula ,  turn the slices over ,  and brown on the second side . 	Remove from the skillet ,  and put on serving plates . 	Spray the skillet again with nonstick cooking spray ,  and place the sausage slices into the skillet . 	Brown on one side for about 2 minutes . 	Using a spatula ,  turn the slices over and brown on the second side . 	Remove from the skillet ,  and stack sausage slices on top of polenta slices . 	Put artichoke_hearts ,  marinara_sauce ,  garlic and oregano into the skillet ,  and cook until heated through ,  for about 5 minutes . 	Stir in the cheese ,  and when it begins to melt ,  spoon over polenta cakes . 	Serve hot .
Combine butter ,  milk ,  sugar ,  cocoa and vanilla in a pan . 	Stir over heat without boiling till butter melts . 	Stir in crushed biscuits . 	Moisten hands ,  roll 3 tablespoons mixture around a marshmallow . 	Press firmly to enclose . 	Roll in coconut . 	Refrigerate till firm .
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F . 	In a small saucepan over medium heat ,  add water ,  brown_sugar ,  vanilla ,  cinnamon . 	Stir until well blended ,  cooking just until combined . 	Remove from heat and allow to cool . 	Set aside . 	In a large mixing bowl ,  add cubed sweet_potatoes ,  apples ,  melted butter ,  and cooled syrup mixture . 	Stir well to coat sweet_potatoes and apples . 	Transfer to a baking dish ,  cover tightly with foil ,  place into the oven and roast 15 minutes . 	Remove foil ,  lower oven temperature to 400 degrees F and roast an additional 5 minutes  ( add optional raisins and pecans ,  if desired )  . 	Serve with your favorite main course . 	We love these with ham ,  chicken ,  turkey or pork . 	Enjoy !
Cook spinach according to package instructions ,  drain well . 	In a skillet ,  melt 1 tablespoon butter ;  add minced garlic ,  basil ,  and thyme . 	Cook over medium low heat ,  stirring constantly ,  for about 5 minutes . 	Add 1 tablespoon flour and blend well . 	Add 1/3 cup light_cream and the spinach ;  simmer for 5 minutes ,  stirring constantly . 	Put spinach into the bottom of a lightly buttered 2-quart casserole or baking dish . 	Cover with cooked_chicken slices . 	Over medium low heat ,  melt remaining butter and blend in remaining flour ,  stirring until smooth . 	Gradually stir in 3/4 cup light_cream and 3/4 cup chicken_broth ;  continue cooking and stirring until thickened . 	Continue cooking ,  stirring ,  for 5 minutes . 	Stir in the cheeses and continue cooking and stirring until melted . 	Season to taste with salt_and_pepper . 	Cut sliced ham in strips . 	Add to sauce and pour over chicken . 	Bake at 400 degrees F for 20 minutes ,  or until top of casserole is lightly browned .
Whisk dressing and mustard until blended . 	Combine remaining ingredients in large bowl . 	Add dressing mixture ;  mix lightly .
Place all ingredients except bread in a blender and mix well . 	Pour batter into a shallow dish . 	Dip each bread slice into batter for several seconds ,  coating both sides . 	Place bread in a buttered non stick skillet and cook over medium heat until golden on both sides .
Cream together butter and sugar till light and fluffy . 	Add in Large eggs one at a time beating well after each addition . 	Stir in prunes . 	Combine flour ,  baking_soda ,  salt and spices and add in alternately with buttermilk to creamed mix . 	Stir in walnuts . 	Pour into greased and floured 9-inch square pan . 	Bake in 350 degree oven 40 to 45 min or possibly till cake tests done . 	Cold on rack . 	Cut into 9 squares . 	Serve with a dollop of lowfat sour cream or possibly whipped cream . 	Top with brown sugar .
Heat oven to 350F . 	Grease bottom of 8-inch square baking pan ;  set aside . 	Combine 1/2 cup butter and 2 squares chocolate in 2-quart saucepan . 	Cook over medium heat ,  stirring constantly ,  3-5 minutes or until melted . 	Remove from heat . 	Stir in all remaining brownie ingredients until well mixed . 	Spread into prepared pan . 	Bake 23-27 minutes or until brownies begin to pull away from sides of pan . 	Combine 1/4 cup butter ,  milk and 1 square chocolate in same saucepan . 	Cook over medium heat ,  stirring occasionally ,  2-3 minutes or until mixture comes to a full boil . 	Remove from heat . 	Add powdered_sugar ;  beat until smooth . 	Stir in vanilla . 	Spread over warm brownies . 	Cool completely ;  cut into squares .
Preheat oven to 350 F . 	Combine all ingredients  ( except the chocolate chips )  in a large mixing bowl . 	It will take a few minutes to get fully combined and it will be a very thick batter . 	Once everything is combined ,  stir in chocolate chips . 	Spray a bundt pan with cooking spray and spoon the mixture into it ,  making as even as possible . 	I use a spatula to smooth it out . 	Bake at 350 F for 50 minutes ,  then remove the cake from the oven . 	Allow the cake to cool in the pan for about 10 minutes before inverting it onto a plate or serving tray . 	Although you should probably allow the cake to cool completely ,  its amazing when its still a bit warm . 	When I really want to go over the top ,  Ill melt a small amount of Nutella and drizzle over the top of the cake .
Remove the root end and any damaged outer leaves from the leek ,  but leave the remainder of the leaves intact . 	Split the leek in half lengthwise ,  and cut it into 1/2-inch pieces . 	Clean the leek by immersing the pieces in a bowl filled with cold water . 	Lift the pieces from the water and place them in a sieve to drain . 	Heat the oil in a pot . 	When hot ,  add the leek and sliced onion ,  and cook over medium heat for about 5 minutes ,  until they soften and begin to brown lightly . 	Add the stock ,  potatoes ,  salt and pepper ,  and bring to the boil . 	Boil for 30 to 40 minutes ,  until the potatoes are tender . 	Strain off most of the cooking juices and reserve them . 	Add the solids with a little of the juices to the bowl of a food processor ,  and process briefly ,  just until pureed . 	 ( If too much liquid is added to the processor bowl ,  the mixture will become too foamy .  ) 	Stir the puree into the reserved juices . 	You should have about 7 cups . 	The hot soup can be served immediately ,  either plain or with croutons . 	FOR COLD SOUP :  Cool the soup and stir in the milk ,  chives and Tabasco sauce . 	Serve cold .
Combine first 3 ingredients ;  Stir well . 	Serve as a dip or possibly salad dressing with fruit .
Beat egg_whites ,  vanilla and salt till foamy . 	Gradually add in sugar and beat till shiny peaks form . 	In a small bowl combine cookie_crumbs ,  flaked_coconut ,  nuts and baking pwdr . 	Fold dry ingredients into egg_whites . 	Spread in a well greased 9 inch pie plate ,  leaving sides higher than the center . 	Bake at 350 degrees  ( I use 325 degrees )  for about 30 min . 	Cold thoroughly . 	Crush the Heath bars . 	Mix a little more than half of the crushed candy into the ice cream and fill cooled pie shell . 	Put in the freezer for an hour . 	In the meantime ,  whip the heavy_cream and the confectioners'_sugar . 	Spread on pie and top with the remaining crushed Heath bars . 	Freeze . 	Then cover .
Preheat oven to 350 . 	Using an electric beater beat butter and sugar - I beat until nice and fluffy . 	Add egg yolk and almond_extract ;  beat well . 	Add 2 1/4 cups of the sifted sifted_flour over the butter mixture with wooden spoon or mixer on low . 	 (  a wooden spoon works best for me )  thoroughly incorporate the flour and form dough into a ball . 	NOTE :  if dough is too sticky add 2 - 4 tablespoons flour - chill dough before moulding  (  I cover bowl and chill in the fridge for 1/2 an hour )  a chilled baking pan makes forming cookies much easier . 	If using cookie press ,  press on sheet ,  wait a few seconds ,  then twist the press slightly as you lift it straight up . 	NOTE :  if dough is too stiff to press out beat another egg yolk into the dough -  ( moulding by hand you may need to use all of the 2 1/2 cups flour - flour hands lightly makes moulding by hand easier )  . 	If you don't have a cookie press form into 1/2 inch balls - push a cherry into the centre . 	Brush cookies with beaten egg white and sprinkle with sugar ;  bake at 350 for 8 - 12 minutes or until golden around the edges . 	Cool on a wire rack . Yield will vary as to size of cookies .
Soak the breadcrumbs in the heavy_cream in a medium bowl . 	Meanwhile ,  saute the onions and garlic with the canola_oil in a large saute pan . 	Once the onions are translucent ,  add the rosemary and then chill the mixture thoroughly . 	Combine the soaked bread crumbs ,  onion and garlic mixture ,  pork ,  sausage ,  veal ,  Parmesan ,  parsley and eggs in the bowl of a large electric mixer . 	Begin mixing on low speed . 	When relatively well incorporated ,  sprinkle with salt and pepper . 	Heat a small saute pan to cook a sample of the mixture . 	Taste for seasoning and make any necessary adjustments . 	Form the meatballs with a medium scoop into small balls and chill for 1 hour . 	Fill a Dutch oven halfway with canola_oil and heat until a deep-fry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 375 degrees F .  Bring the Basic Tomato Sauce to a simmer in a separate pot . 	Deep-fry the meatballs in the oil until golden brown ,  then remove to a plate lined with paper towels to drain . 	Transfer the meatballs to the tomato_sauce and simmer until tender and cooked through ,  10 to 15 minutes . 	Garnish with cheese and parsley and serve . 	In a medium saucepan ,  heat the olive_oil over medium heat with the basil ,  garlic and red_pepper_flakes until the garlic begins to soften ,  about 3 minutes . 	Add the milled tomatoes ,  bring the mixture to a simmer and cook for 1 minute . 	Turn off and chill until ready for use .
Make pudding as directed  &  let cool . 	Mix cream cheese ,  sour_cream ,  cool whip ,  sugar ,  and vanilla . 	Take a clear large bowl  ( preferably glass )  ,  then layer using 1/4 of each item in this order  &  repeat until finished- brownie ,  cheesecake ,  cherries ,  oreos ,  &  nuts . 	When you get to rim of bowl with cheesecake being last layer ,  finish off with small amount of cherries in middle of trifle  &  sprinkle with rest of nuts .
Firm up the flesh of the fish by sprinkling salt on both sides of the filet and letting it stand in a glass bowl for 20 to 25 minutes . 	Thoroughly rinse the salt off the filet under running water . 	Pat it dry with a paper towel . 	Cut the fish into serving portions leaving the skin attached . 	Heat oil in a frying pan and fry the fish until cooked through . 	 ( Do not coat the fish with flour or batter . 	 )  . 	Place the rest of the ingredients in a large pot ,  and bring to the boil ,  stirring to dissolve the sugar and make sure it does not burn on the bottom of the pot . 	Simmer for approximately 8 minutes until the onions are cooked but still crisp . 	Layer the pieces of fish and the sauce and onions alternately in a ceramic or glass serving-dish . 	The last layer of fish should be covered with sauce . 	Refrigerate for up to a week . 	Best to make at least 6 hours before serving .
Chop onion ,  cilantro and mince garlic ,  set aside . 	Open can of tomato_sauce and dissolve bouillon cube in hot_water . 	In a nonstick saute pan heat oil over medium high . 	Add rice ,  garlic ,  and onion ,  saute until rice starts to turn golden brown . 	Pour in tomato_sauce and stir to coat rice . 	Add hot_water bouillon mixture ,  give a quick stir . 	Add salt and chopped cilantro ,  mix and bring to a boil ,  uncovered . 	Once it begins to boil , cover and move to a burner preheated to medium low . 	Simmer for 30 minutes without removing lid . 	Fluff with fork and serve .
For the tomato sorbet : 	Clean and chop your tomatoes . 	Add the chopped tomatoes into a medium size container and put it in the freezer for an hour and a half . 	Take them out ,  add them into a food processor and mix on high until thoroughly blended . 	Heat a medium size pot over medium heat and slowly pour in the tomato mix . 	Add the sugar and mix until blended . 	Heat and cook for three minutes . 	Pour the tomato sugar mix back into your container and put in the freezer for four hours . 	Serve with a garnish of fresh basil . 	For the baked ricotta Parmigiana mousse : 	Preheat your oven to 350 F .  In a medium size bowl ,  mix the ricotta until smooth . 	Add the Parmigiana ,  salt ,  pepper ,  crushed red pepper ,  garlic_powder and Italian seasonings . 	Taste for flavor . 	If you want to add more seasoning ,  go ahead ! 	Once it is seasoned to your liking ,  add the egg and mix until combined . 	Using the 2 tablespoons of olive_oil ,  grease four 6 ounce ramekins and fill with the ricotta Parmigiana mix . 	Bake in the oven for 20-30 minutes or until completely set . 	Take them out of the oven and let them cool for 10 minutes before serving . 	For the grilled eggplant : 	Clean and cut your eggplant into rounds that are about 1/4 inch thick . 	Heat a saute pan over medium heat . 	Add the olive_oil ,  salt ,  pepper and Italian seasonings directly to the pan . 	Add the eggplant slices ,  and allow them to cook . 	Flip them after 20 minutes or once slightly crispy . 	Once flipped ,  cook for another 15 minutes . 	For the grilled steak with balsamic reduction : 	Heat a cast iron skillet over medium heat . 	Add the peanut_oil and allow to heat for around 3-4 minutes . 	Rub your steak with olive_oil ,  smoked salt and pepper . 	Add steak into the skillet and cook on one side until medium rare ,  around 6 minutes ,  flip and allow to cook for another 6-7 minutes . 	Turn off the heat and move the steak to a plate to settle . 	Add the balsamic_vinegar and Madeira into the cast iron skillet with the remaining liquid from the meat . 	Cook over medium heat until slightly thick and syrupy . 	Assembling your plate : 	Plate a circle of eggplant on your plate and place the ricotta Parmigiana mousse on top . 	Add a few slices of steak to the plate and glaze with some of the balsamic Madeira reduction . 	In a small cup on the side ,  scoop out some of the tomato sorbet and add a fresh leaf of basil . 	Buon appetito !
Bake cake mix according to directions on box for 9x13 pan and cool . 	I use a huge bowl so I do 2 sets of layers . 	Layer 1 Once the cake is cooled cut into squares  ( makes it easier to crumble )  and start to crumble it for you first layer . 	Note :  Only for this first layer of cake ,  press into the bottom of the bowl . 	Layer 2 Mix chocolate pudding according to package directions  ( don't let it set because it can just be poured over the cake layer easier )  . 	Layer 3 Cool_Whip  ( spread on with spatula to cover pudding )  . 	Repeat layer process one more time . 	Then top it with an extra layer of dirt (  crumbled cake )  for the gummy_worms to sit on . 	Refrigerate for at least 1 hour . 	Top with Gummy Worms just before serving . 	You can also make these in little individual cups for a kid party . 	Just do 1 layer of each and 1 extra layer of dirt  ( cake )  Top with 1 or 2 gummy_worms . 	Note :  Prep and Cooking Time do not include cooling time for cake or setting time in the refrigerator .
In a small bowl ,  whisk the soy sauce with the hoisin and vinegar . 	Heat a wok or large skillet . 	Add the oil and heat until smoking . 	Add the pork and Chinese sausages and cook over high heat ,  stirring ,  until the pork is lightly browned ,  about 2 minutes . 	Add the minced scallion whites ,  ginger ,  garlic and chile and cook until fragrant ,  about 1 minute . 	Add the rice ,  breaking up any lumps with your hands as you add it to the wok ,  and stir-fry until heated through and lightly browned in spots . 	Stir the hoisin-soy sauce ,  add it to the wok and stir-fry until nearly absorbed ,  about 2 minutes . 	Stir in the scallion greens ,  cilantro and pineapple . 	Transfer the fried rice to bowls and serve .
Preheat oven to 375F	In a large mixing bowl ,  cream together shortening ,  sugar and eggs . 	Stir in milk and vanilla . 	Stir in baking_powder ,  baking_soda ,  salt and corn syrup . 	Stir in baking cocoa . 	Add enough flour  ( a little at a time )  to make dough stiff enough to roll out well . 	On a generously floured work surface ,  roll out dough with a lightly floured rolling pin to 1/2-inch thickness . 	With flour-dipped cookie cutters ,  cut into desired shapes . 	Place cookies on a lightly greased cookie pan spaced two inches apart . 	Bake for 10-12 minutes or until tops of cookies are no longer shiny ,  and bottoms are lightly browned . 	Decorate with icing of your preference  ( if desired )  and store in an air-tight container .
Place chicken in a greased 13x 9 x 2 inch baking dish . 	In a saucepan ,  whisk flour and water until smooth . 	Stir in brown_sugar ,  ketchup ,  vinegar ,  lemon_juice and Worcestershire_sauce . 	Bring to a boil ;  cook and stir for 2 minutes or until thickened . 	Stir in the remaining ingredients . 	Pour over chicken . 	Cover and refrigerate for 2-4 hours . 	Remove from the refrigerator 30 minutes before baking . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  at 350 for 35-45 minutes or until chicken juices run clear .
Dredge the veal in the seasoned flour ,  shaking off the excess . 	In the skillet ,  heat oil . 	Add veal and saute 1 minute per side . 	Remove to a platter . 	Cover with foil to keep warm . 	Add Marsala to veal pan . 	Deglaze ,  then add chicken stock to the pan and let reduce .
Preheat oven to 450 degrees . 	Scrub the potatoes and place them in the oven to bake until tender ,  about an hour . 	While the potatoes are baking ,  saute the onion until it is golden brown in one tablespoon of the butter or oil . 	Set aside . 	When the potatoes are done ,  split each in half lengthwise . 	Scoop all the insides into a mixing bowl ,  taking care not to break the skins . 	Using a fork ,  mash the potato with the remaining butter or oil . 	Season the mixture with salt and pepper and fold in the onions . 	Spoon the filling back into the skins of the potatoes ,  making eight filled halves . 	Mound the potato filling in each of the skins and lightly trace a pattern on the top of the potato with the tines of a fork . 	Set aside until shortly before serving time . 	Preheat oven to 450 degrees . 	Place the potatoes in a baking dish and place in the oven 15 to 20 minutes ,  until heated through and lightly browned on top . 	Serve at once .
Pour the honey into a small saucepan and add the ginger and other spices/flavorings if using . 	Over medium low heat ,  bring the honey to a slow and low simmer . 	Dont get it too hot or it will not have the right consistency . 	Watching the honey carefully ,  allow the flavors to infuse for 5-10 minutes ,  stirring frequently . 	Remove the honey from the heat and allow it to cool . 	Transfer to a container for storage and allow it to sit for about 5 days before using . 	 ( You can try using it sooner but the flavor may not be fully infused )  The honey will keep for approximately 2 weeks after the 5 day waiting period .
For the avocado crema :  Add avocado ,  lime_juice ,  cilantro ,  and salt to a small food processor or blender . 	Blend until avocados are smooth and creamy . 	If the mixture looks too thick for drizzling ,  add a couple tbsp of water or milk . 	Set aside . 	For the tacos :  Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat . 	Brown chorizo ,  breaking up the sausage with a wooden spoon . 	When the chorizo is browned ,  add mushrooms and cook until soft . 	Warm tortillas in the microwave or in a very low oven . 	To assemble ,  layer chopped kale on the bottom of warm tortilla . 	Top with a few tablespoons of chorizo and mushroom mixture and sprinkle on cheese ,  as desired . 	Drizzle on prepared avocado crema and garnish with cilantro .
Pare and seed cucumbers ;  cut into cubes so that you have about 3 cups of cubed cucumber . 	In blender  ( preferably )  or food processor ,  blend cucumber with 1/2 cup broth until smooth . 	In medium bowl ,  combine cucumber mixture ,  remaining broth ,  sour_cream ,  lemon_juice ,  granulated garlic ,  and pepper ;  mix well . 	Season to taste with salt . 	Chill in refrigerator for at least 2 hours . 	Garnish as desired . 	Keep any left over soup in refrigerator .
Coat skillet with cooking_spray and heat on high . 	Sprinkle chops with sage ,  salt and pepper . 	Cook chops 1 minute on each side . 	Reduce heat to medium and cook chops 4 - 5 minutes on each side or until done . 	Transfer to platter and keep warm . 	Add onion to skillet ,  cook over medium heat 2 minutes stirring often . 	Reduce heat ,  add jelly and mustard ,  and simmer 2 minutes or until glaze is reduce to 1/4 cup . 	Spoon glaze over chops and serve .
Cook and stir onion and celery in oil in 3 qt . 	saucepan over medium heat until onion is tender and celery is crisp-tender ,  about 4 minutes . 	Stir in tomatoes with liquid ,  parsley ,  lemon_juice ,  salt ,  thyme ,  oregano ,  fennel seed ,  garlic ,  bayleaf and red pepper . 	Heat to boiling ;  reduce heat . 	Simmer uncovered 15 minutes . 	Stir in broth . 	Mix water and cornstarch ;  stir into broth mixture . 	Cook ,  stirring constantly ,  until mixture thickens and boils . 	Stir in cod . 	Simmer uncovered until cod flakes easily with fork ,  about 10 minutes . 	Sprinkle with salt and pepper if desired .
In a large skillet ,  brown together the ground_turkey ,  onion ,  green_pepper and garlic until ground_turkey is browned and vegetables are tender ;  drain fat . 	Place ground_turkey mixture and remaining ingredients in a crock pot . 	Cover and cook on low 5-6 hours . 	Serve with a dollop of sour cream and shredded cheese . 	Serve with bread and salad for a complete meal .
Season chicken breast as you like	In bowl #1 have you egg yolk wisk	In bowl #2 have your crunched saltine crackers	Take your cut chicken breast dip it in the egg then transfer it to the saltine crackers	Once dipped place in Heated vegetable oil and fry until golden brown	You can serve with what ever side of your choice I picked fries and bbq sauce	Last step enjoy
Cook sausage in a cast iron skillet . 	When done ,  remove sausage from pan and pour off all but 2 tablespoons of fat . 	Whisk flour into the fat and cook over low heat for 5 minutes . 	Remove pan from heat and whisk in milk a little at a time . 	Return to medium-high heat and stir occasionally while the gravy comes to a simmer and thickens . 	 ( Be sure to scrape up any brown bits that might be stuck to the bottom of the pan ,  that's where the flavor is .  ) 	Check seasoning ,  add crumbled sausage and serve over toast or biscuits .
Cook sausage according to package directions . 	Cool slightly ;  cut inot 1/2 inch slides . 	In a large bowl ,  combine sausage and cubed bread . 	Add pumpkin pie mixture ,  stir to coat . 	Transfer to a greased 13 x 9 baking dish . 	Bake uncovered at 350 degrees for 35-40 minutes or until a knif inserted into the center comes out clean . 	Dust with confectioner's sugar . 	Serve with syrup .
Combine onions ,  margarine and salt in a crock pot . 	Cover and cook on low for 8-10 hours .
Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F  ( 200 degrees C )  . 	Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat ,  and lightly oil the grate . 	Combine the cinnamon ,  black pepper ,  garlic_powder ,  chili_powder ,  cayenne_pepper ,  and brown sugar in a small bowl . 	Sprinkle over the flat_iron_steaks on all sides ,  and press into the meat ;  set aside . 	Heat the olive_oil in a skillet over medium heat . 	Stir in the garlic and onion ;  cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent ,  about 5 minutes . 	Pour in the red wine ,  and boil until the wine has nearly evaporated ,  about 5 minutes more . 	Remove the onions from the skillet and set aside . 	Cook the flat_iron_steaks on the preheated grill for 4 minutes per side ,  then remove and place into the skillet . 	Top the steaks with the onion mixture ,  and sprinkle with Gorgonzola cheese . 	Bake in the preheated oven until the cheese has melted and the steaks have cooked to your desired degree of doneness ,  about 5 minutes for medium . 	Sprinkle with chopped basil to serve .
Lightly coat chicken with kosher_salt and pepper . 	Heat olive_oil in large skillet over medium-high heat . 	Add chicken ,  skin side down ,  and cook until that side is golden ,  about 5-8 minutes . 	Flip over and cook other side until golden . 	Remove chicken from pan and set aside . 	Carefully pour out and discard 2/3 of the remaining oil and the chicken drippings from the pan . 	Add onion ,  garlic and mushrooms to the same pan and cook over medium heat until the onion is tender ,  about 5-8 minutes . 	Add the tomatoes and their juices ,  capers ,  wine and oregano and stir to combine . 	Season to taste with additional salt or pepper if needed . 	Return the chicken to the pan . 	Bring to a simmer and simmer ,  uncovered ,  over medium-low heat for 20-25 minutes or until chicken is cooked through . 	Once chicken is cooked ,  remove the chicken from the pan and heat the sauce on high to thicken it for 5-10 minutes ,  if necessary . 	If sauce is very liquidy ,  boil until it reduces to desired amount . 	Garnish with julienned basil and serve . 	Enjoy !
In a large mixing bowl ,  add and mix all purpose flour ,  baking_powder ,  salt and sugar . 	Cut the butter into small cubes and add to the flour mixture . 	Mix the butter using your fingertips . 	Continue till the mixture resembles bread crumbs . 	Add the sesame ,  cranberries and chocolate_chips and mix well . 	Start adding milk little by little and form a dough . 	The dough should come together quickly but not very stiff . 	Use as little milk as required . 	In a large cookie sheet ,  spread the dough and form a circle of 1 inch height . 	Cut the dough into 8 triangles using a sharp knife . 	Bake in a preheated oven for 20 minutes at 200F celcius .
Start by making a traditional chicken broth . 	In a pot saute onions ,  carrots ,  and celery in oil for a few minutes . 	Add chicken and ,  over a low flame ,  simmer for 30 minutes until chicken is cooked . 	Remove the chicken from the broth . 	Skim broth for clarity . 	Strain broth and then return to burner . 	Allow chicken to cool ,  and remove meat from the chicken . 	May be torn or sliced . 	Add fish_sauce and coarse_sugar to the broth . 	Then add salt and pepper according to taste . 	For fresh rice_noodles ,  soak in lukewarm water until soft . 	Prepare a pot of water to boil noodles . 	Boil rice_noodles by portion . 	Once water is boiled ,  drop noodles in for approximately 25 seconds ,  then directly into a bowl . 	Add the chicken to the bowl of cooked rice_noodles . 	Add broth ,  garnish with chopped cilantro and a few sprigs of fresh basil ,  and add a dash of pepper to finish . 	Serve with a slice of lime and fish_sauce .
Season the chicken_breasts with salt_and_pepper ;  grill ,  bake ,  or pan fry the chicken ,  and set aside to rest . 	Place the salad greens on a large plate or two separate plates . 	Sprinkle on the onion ,  cucumber ,  tomato ,  and bacon bits ,  and set aside . 	In a small bowl ,  whisk together the mayonnaise ,  BBQ sauce ,  vinegar ,  and salt_and_pepper ,  and set aside . 	Slice the chicken into strips and set them both on top of the salad greens or place one breast onto individual plates . 	Sprinkle with cheese and pour on the dressing .
Dice the Zucchini ,  peppers and onion . 	Peel and clean the shrimp and steam gently in a saute pan . 	Add olive_oil and gently saute the diced vegetables . 	Add salt_and_pepper to taste . 	In a large pan ,  boil the broth and add a little salt to taste ,  Add gelatin and let dissolve . 	Let cool  ( out in the refrigerator )  for 20 minutes . 	Add all the ingredients to the broth . 	Pour in mold and chill for 4 hours .
Heat oil in deep pot over medium high heat . 	Add corn . 	Cover pot and pop the corn ,  shaking pan often . 	Remove from heat . 	Drizzle with melted butter . 	Sprinkle cheese evenly over hot corn . 	Serve .
Clean hog head by removing eyes ,  ears and brains . 	Saw into 4 pcs . 	Put in large pot and boil till tender . 	Remove meat from broth . 	Pick out bones and cook onion till done in broth . 	Dip out onion and run meat and onion through food chopper . 	Fold in peppers ,  vinegar and salt ,  put in cheese cloth ,  hang ,  let drip overnight . 	Slice and enjoy . 	Chill unused portion .
Ice // rocks
In medium skillet ,  cook the bacon over medium heat ,  until crisp ,  6-8 minutes . 	Transfer to paper towels to drain ;  cool . 	Tear each slice in half . 	Using a sharp paring knife ,  cut a slit in the side of each roll and open slightly to form a pocket ,  being careful not to rip the sides . 	Press each roll to flatten . 	Peel the bananas ,  then halve crosswise . 	Cut each banana half lengthwise into 3 slices . 	Place the banana slices on a work surface ;  spread 1 teaspoon peanut butter on each slice ,  then top with 1/2 t honey and a piece of bacon . 	Stuff 3 banana stacks into each pocket . 	Press the sandwich flat enough to fit inside the toaster and wipe any filling off the outside . 	Toast the filled rolls ,  slit side up ,  on the lightest setting until crusty ,  about 1 minute . 	Let the rolls cool slightly before slicing into wedges .
In a blender puree the vinegar ,  soy ,  water ,  ginger ,  garlic ,  and sugar . 	Add peanut_butter and oils blend . 	You can add hot_pepper_sauce to blender or just top the dish with pepper flakes . 	Depends on how much heat you like ! 	Or both ! 	Add sauce to cooked pasta and broccoli stir together . 	Add pasta water if needed to thin sauce . 	Top with the finely sliced cucumber .
Prepare the flank steak for stuffing by scoring in a diamond pattern on both sides with a sharp knife ,  cutting no deeper than 1/2 inch . 	Pound the steak on both sides with a meat mallet on a chopping block until steak is thin enough to roll . 	In a skillet ,  cook the onion and mushrooms in hot butter 2 minutes . 	Turn off heat and add pecans ,  parsley ,  bread cubes ,  salt pepper ,  cardamom ,  ginger ,  cloves and egg . 	Mix well and cool . 	Season the flank steak with salt and pepper . 	Spread the cooled stuffing over the pounded meat to within 1/2 inch of the edges . 	Starting on a long side ,  roll closed and tie at 2-inch intervals with kitchen string . 	Tie lengthwise if needed to hold the filling in . 	Brown the roll on all sides in a teaspoon of margarine in a range- top-proof casserole . 	Add orange_juice and bouillon . 	Cover pan and roast in a 350F  ( 180C )  oven 1 1/2 to 2 hours ,  turning once halfway through . 	Add liquid if pan dries out . 	When the roll is tender  ( poke with a skewer )  ,  move to a serving platter ,  remove strings and slice . 	Strain the pan juices ,  if desired ,  and pour over the meat . 	Garnish platter with parsley . 	Also good served cold . 	Allow to cool completely before slicing . 	Omit pan juice when serving cold .
Preheat the oven to 400F ,  and place the rack in the middle of the oven . 	In a medium bowl ,  combine the potatoes ,  olive_oil ,  and thyme . 	Season with salt and pepper ,  and toss until well coated . 	Generously brush a large rimmed baking sheet with olive_oil ,  and overlap the potato slices just slightly . 	Bake until the potatoes are golden brown and crisp in places ,  about 30 minutes .
For the cupcakes :  Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F .  Line standard-size cupcake pans with 16 cupcake liners . 	In a medium bowl ,  whisk together the soy milk ,  agave_nectar ,  canola_oil ,  cane sugar ,  vanilla_extract and apple_cider_vinegar ,  and set aside . 	In a large bowl ,  sift the flour ,  cocoa_powders ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda and salt and whisk them together . 	Add your wet mixture to the dry and whisk until the mixture is evenly moist and only a few lumps remain . 	Set aside . 	For the ganache :  Whisk together the chocolate chunks ,  soy milk and agave_nectar in a microwave-safe bowl . 	Place the bowl into a microwave and heat for 1-minute increments ,  whisking in-between ,  until the mixture is thick and smooth . 	Take your cupcake batter and start to stream in about 1 cup of the chocolate ganache and gently fold it into the batter . 	Do not fully mix it into the batter ,  it should be swirled in . 	Fill the liners three-quarters full and bake until a toothpick comes out clean ,  12 to 15 minutes . 	Cool the cupcakes completely . 	For the salted caramel sauce :  In a nonstick saucepan ,  add the coconut milk fat . 	Add in the brown_sugar ,  vanilla and salt ,  and whisk well . 	Bring the mixture to a boil on medium-high heat ,  whisking occasionally . 	Once the mixture starts to boil ,  reduce the heat to a low bowl and cook for 35 to 45 minutes ,  whisking every couple of minutes ,  until the sauce has reduced by half . 	The resulting mixture will be thick and golden . 	Allow the caramel to cool slightly and use immediately . 	For the buttercream :  Whip the shortening and margarine together in a mixer bowl with the paddle attachment until fluffy . 	Scrape down the bowl and put back onto the mixer on low-speed and slowly add the powdered_sugar and cocoa_powder . 	Once the mixture is fully incorporated ,  stream in 1 cup of the chocolate ganache . 	Once the ganache is added ,  you may turn the mixer to medium-high and whip until the buttercream is very fluffy . 	To assemble :  Poke a hole in the center of each cupcake using the end of a wooden spoon or small offset spatula . 	Fill the hole completely with salted caramel sauce . 	Using a round frosting tip ,  generously frost the top of each cupcake with the dark chocolate buttercream . 	Drizzle the top of each cupcake with more salted caramel sauce .
Mix ingredients together ,  then refrigerated for a few hours for flavours to meld .
Mix warm butter and sugar . 	Add the eggs ,  molasses ,  vanilla ,  salt ,  baking_soda and cinnamon . 	When everything is well mixed ,  add the flour and oatmeal . 	Last ,  add pecans and chocolate_chips . 	Tip :  Instead of molasses ,  use maple syrup . 	When everything is well mixed ,  put the dough with a tablespoon in cookie sizes on a cookie sheet . 	Heat the oven to 375degree F and bake for 8 10 minutes . 	Let the cookies cool down outside the oven for a few minutes . 	Enjoy !
Thoroughly cream shortening and sugar . 	Add in Large eggs and beat well . 	Add in half of sifted dry ingredients to creamed mix . 	Add in finely crumbled mincemeat and water . 	Stir till blended . 	Add in nuts and remaining flour mix . 	Mix well . 	Drop from tsp . 	onto greased cookie sheet . 	Bake in moderate oven  ( 350 degrees )  10 to 15 min . 	NOTE :  1 c .  canned mincemeat may be used .
Cream sugar and crisco together . 	Add in Large eggs and buttermilk . 	Sift dry ingredients together and add in to buttermilk mix . 	Bake in tube pan for 2 hrs at 300 degrees .
Bring wine to boil in large saucepan . 	Meanwhile ,  combine remaining ingredients . 	Add cheese mixture gradually to wine ,  cooking and stirring after each addition until cheese is completely melted and mixture is well blended . 	Bring just to boil ,  stirring constantly . 	Remove from heat ;  pour into fondue pot to serve .
Drain mushrooms ,  reserve liquid . 	Cook peas in amount of mushroom liquid called for on pea package . 	Cook onions &  celery in butter until soft . 	Add pimentos &  mushrooms ,  heat thoroughly . 	Add peas ,  salt &  pepper . 	Refrigerate until next day . 	Heat to serve .
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F ,  adjust a rack to the middle position . 	Spray a 12 cup regular size muffin tin with some nonstick spray . 	Whisk flour ,  salt ,  and baking_powder in a large mixing bowl and set aside . 	Whisk egg ,  sugar ,  and vanilla together until combined ,  then whisk in the sour cream and melted butter . 	Scatter half the berries in the flour mix and scatter the rest in the sour cream mixture . 	Add the sour cream mixture to the flour and fold to combine ,  take care not to smush the raspberries too much . 	There should be not large pockets of flour but small streaks may remain . 	Do not over mix . 	The batter will be very thick . 	Divide the batter evenly into the tin  ( a very large cookie scoop is excellent for this )  . 	Mix all of the ingredients for the streusel together and top each muffin with a small spoonful ,  then spread the filling out over the top of the muffin . 	Bake for about 20 25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean . 	Gently pick the muffins out of the tin and cool them on a rack ,  flipping them out may cause the topping to fall off .
Place oil in a large pan with tight fitting lid  ( I use a Whirley Pop popcorn popper )  over medium-high heat . 	Add popcorn kernels ,  stir to coat all the kernels with oil ,  cover ,  and shake pan in a back and forth motion until all kernels are popped  ( about 23 minutes )  . 	Pour popcorn in a large bowl and set aside . 	For the toffee sauce :  Melt butter over low heat in a small saucepan . 	Add brown sugar ,  corn syrup ,  vanilla_extract ,  and salt . 	Stir well and cook until all sugar has melted and mixture has thickened slightly . 	Pour toffee sauce over popcorn and mix well until all pieces are coated . 	Spread out toffee coated popcorn on baking sheet and sprinkle with the minced candied cherries and pretzel pieces . 	Drizzle with the melted white chocolate and allow popcorn to dry . 	Serve immediately or store in tightly covered container and eat within a day or two .
In a large punch bowl ,  combine fruit_punch ,  lemonade concentrate ,  orange juice concentrate and grape juice concentrate . 	Stir in the water ,  then the ginger_ale . 	Float orange slices on top .
Finely mince mussels ,  vegetables and herring_roe . 	Add herbs ,  seasoning and breadcrumbs . 	Blend well with egg_yolks ,  brandy and cream . 	Cook for 1/2 hour at 350F in a Sainmarie . 	Serve with toast fingers .
Preheat the oven to 350 . 	Wash your hands  ( no kidding )  . 	In a big bowl ,  use your hands to mix the ground_beef ,  breadcrumbs ,  red_peppers ,  eggs ,  Worcestershire_sauce ,  garlic ,  Italian seasoning ,  and salt . 	The mixture should cling together . 	If it doesnt ,  add a little beer or milk until it does . 	Place strips of bacon across a loaf or baking pan the baking pan ,  touching each other side by side ,  and press against the sides . 	Place half of the mixture in ,  and press the mixture against the bottom and up the sides to create an even layer at least an inch thick around a bathtub shaped depression in the middle . 	Fill 1/3 of that tub with mac and cheese ,  not quite to the top of the surrounding meat loaf . 	Top everything with an inch thick layer of meat loaf mixture . 	Finally ,  top with strips of bacon ,  arranged across the width of the pan . 	 ( Tip :  Tuck the bacon in between the side of the loaf pan and the meat loaf mixture to prevent it curling up as the bacon cooks . 	 )  . 	Slide the meat loaf into the oven ,  and cook uncovered for 50 minutes ,  or until the interior registers 160F At about the 25-minute mark ,  take out the meatloaf and carefully pour off the accumulated fat and juices ,  then continue cooking . 	To serve ,  slice with a knife ,  and serve slices with ketchup alongside . 	Variation :  Use ground pork or turkey  ( or a mixture )  in place of the ground_beef .
Heat the sesame_oil in a pan and sear the tofu on both sides until golden brown . 	Add the  * Sauce ingredients and bring to a simmer ,  shaking the pan from time to time and basting the tofu with a spoon until the sauce thickens and glaze the tofu . 	Serve with chopped Japanese leek and crushed chili pepper on top .
Heat oven to 425F . 	Line 15x10-inch pan with sides with parchment paper . 	Unroll pie crust in pan . 	In medium bowl ,  mix preserves ,  flour and cardamom . 	Carefully fold in blueberries . 	Spoon mixture over crust to within 2 inches of edge . 	Fold edge of crust over filling ,  pleating crust to within 2 inches of edge . 	Fold edge of crust over filling ,  pleating crust as necessary . 	In small bowl ,  beat egg_yolk with two teaspoons water . 	Lightly brush crust edge with egg mixture ;  sprinkle with sugar . 	Bake 17 to 23 minutes or until crust is golden brown and filling is bubbly . 	Cool at least 30 minutes before serving .
Make Mango Spread :  In blender or food processor ,  combine all ingredients and blend until smooth . 	Adjust seasonings to taste ,  adding salt and more lemon or lime juice as needed . 	Transfer to small bowl . 	Cover and refrigerate until serving . 	In large nonstick skillet ,  heat oil over medium heat . 	Add  " bacon "  in batches and cook according to package directions ,  just until heated through . 	Transfer to plate . 	Rinse and dry skillet . 	In same skillet ,  warm each tortilla over medium heat just until soft and flexible ,  about 1 minute per side . 	Place 2  " bacon "  slices down center of each tortilla ,  overlapping slightly . 	Top with row of lettuce leaves ,  then tomato ,  avocado and mango if desired ,  dividing equally . 	Season lightly with salt and pepper . 	Spoon some Mango Spread over filling . 	Fold bottom end of tortilla partially over filling ,  then roll into a bundle and serve .
Trim stems from bok_choy leaves . 	Finely chop stems ,  and toss in bowl with tofu cubes ,  carrots ,  green_onions ,  and teriyaki sauce . 	Place 1 bok_choy leaf on work surface with stem end closest to you . 	Spoon 2 Tbs . 	tofu mixture in cup of leaf near tip end . 	Roll leaf around filling like a burrito ,  folding in sides . 	Secure with toothpick . 	Repeat with remaining ingredients .
Heat oven to 450 degrees F .  Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper . 	Combine panko ,  butter ,  parsley ,  and citrus zest until evenly blended . 	Arrange cod fillets on prepared baking sheet . 	Season fish with salt mixture . 	Top with panko mixture ,  pressing lightly to adhere to fillets . 	Roast until breadcrumbs are browned and cod is barely opaque in thickest part ,  about 8 to 10 minutes .
Cut bacon into small pieces . 	Fry in a large skillet until crispy . 	Remove bacon and drain on a paper towel . 	Cook potatoes in bacon grease until browned . 	Remove from skillet then add onion and garlic and cook until onion is soft . 	Remove from skillet and set aside with the potatoes . 	In a large stock pot bring chicken_stock to a boil . 	Whisk in flour until no lumps remain . 	Bring back to a boil then turn heat down to maintain a simmer . 	Add Velveeta ,  water and evaporated_milk . 	Stir until cheese is melted . 	Add potatoes ,  onion and garlic to soup . 	Simmer for 5 minutes ,  stirring occasionally . 	Serve in a bowl garnished with bacon and chives .
Massage the soy_sauce into the pork to pre-season it . 	Chop up the cabbage ,  and slice the carrot into short rectangular pieces . 	Slice the leek and bell pepper thinly . 	Heat some sesame_oil in a frying pan and stir fry the pork over medium heat . 	When the color of the meat changes ,  add the leek ,  bell pepper and carrot and stir once ,  then add the cabbage on top  ( don't mix it in )  . 	Put a lid on and steam cook over low heat . 	After about 5 minutes the cabbage will have wilted and moisture will be coming out of it . 	Turn the heat up to medium and add the udon noodles . 	Mix well ,  add the ketchup and sauce ,  and it's done Serve with aonori and bonito flakes on top if you like .
Set oven to 350F . 	Mix all ingredients  ( first 9 ingredients )  except the nuts and kosher_salt ;  mix well . 	Add nuts ;  toss to coat . 	Arrange on cookie sheet . 	Bake until nuts are toasted  ( watch closely as these will toast quickly ! 	 )  . 	Toss with kosher_salt  ( or 1/4 teaspoon or more regular table salt )  . 	Store in an airtight container or freeze for up to 3 months .
Preheat the broiler . 	Clean the mushroom caps with a damp paper towel . 	Save the stems for stock or to flavor sauces . 	In a small bowl ,  combine 4 tablespoons of the lemon juice , the garlic ,  3 tablespoons of the parsley ,  and the oil and pepper . 	Mix well . 	Line a 17x11 "  jelly roll pan with foil . 	Arrange the mushrooms , top side up ,  on the foil ,  and brush generously with the lemon juice mixture . 	Place the mushrooms 4 inches from the heat and broil until just tender ,  5 to 7 minutes . 	To serve ,  sprinkle the mushrooms with the remaining 2 tbsp lemon juice ,  1 tbsp of parsley ,  and pepper to taste . 	Enjoy !
Heat a large pot on Med-High heat and add Olive oil . 	Saute onion ,  mushrooms until slightly tender . 	Add chicken ,  spices and cook until slightly browned . 	Add tomato sauce ,  corn ,  tomatoes and potatoes . 	Cook until chicken is cooked through ,  stirring occasionally . 	Serve with your choice of side and topping .
Cook noodles in boiling water . 	Add veggies to the pot about 5minutes before noodles are done . 	Drain . 	Combine with the tuna and mayo in a large mixing bowl . 	Over medium heat ,  melt margarine and add flour while stirring for 1 minute . 	Add chicken_stock and milk and stir til it boils . 	Add salt and pepper ,  garlic_powder and cook for another minute . 	Add cheese and stir until it melts . 	Pour cheese sauce over tuna noodle mixture and mix well . 	Place in a 2qt casserole dish and bake at 425 for 20-30 minutes . 	Enjoy !
Mix the olive_oil ,  vegetable_oil ,  lemon_juice ,  vinegar ,  salt ,  and garlic in a bowl . 	Refrigerate until ready to serve . 	Melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat ,  and cook the almonds until lightly browned . 	In a large bowl ,  toss the toasted almonds ,  lettuce ,  blue_cheese ,  and Romano cheese . 	Pour in dressing ,  and toss to coat .
Switch on the crockpot to the LOW setting . 	Combine all ingredients in a medium mixing bowl  ( except pork )  . 	Place pork shoulder in crock pot . 	Pour sauce over pork to coat . 	Cover and cook with lid on for approximately 8-10 hours on low or overnight . 	Cook until very tender and falling apart . 	 * I often do this overnight . 	Remove pork from crock and cool enough for handling . 	When cooled ,  pull apart with fingers or forks . 	Put back in crock ,  keep warm until ready to serve . 	For a thicker sauce ,  add 1/2 C ketchup and 1/2 C your favorite BBQ sauce . 	Serve on soft buns and smother with a creamy coleslaw recipe#421991 .
In a 1 pint glass jar or larger ,  combine the garlic ,  ginger ,  olive_oil ,  rice_vinegar ,  soy_sauce ,  honey ,  and water . 	Cover the jar with a tight fitting lid ,  and shake well . 	Remove lid ,  and heat jar in the microwave for 1 minute just to dissolve the honey . 	Let cool ,  and shake well before serving . 	Store covered in the refrigerator .
Trim visible fat from chicken breasts ,  Remove the tenders . 	 ( the long thin flaps )  ;  reserve for another use . 	 ( Wrap and freeze chicken tenders . 	When you have gathered enough ,  use them in a stir-fry - they are the perfect size . 	Remove the tough membrane with a sharp knife before cooking )  . 	Place trimmed chicken breasts between two 2 pieces of plastic wrap . 	Pound with a rolling pin ,  meat mallet ,  or heavy skillet until flattened to enen thidkenss ,  about 1/2 inch . 	Combine flour ,  slat nad pepper in a shallow dish . 	Dredge chicken in seasoned flour ,  shaking off excess . 	 ( discard any leftover flour )  . 	Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat . 	Add chicken and cook until well browned and no longer pink in the center ,  4-5 minutes per side . 	Transfer to a plate ,  cover and keep warm . 	Add jalapeno ,  garlic and ginger to the pan ;  cook over medium heat ,  stirring until softened ,  1-2 minutes . 	Add broth and deglaze ,  scraping up any browned bits ,  for 1 minute . 	Mix orange_juice ,  brown_sugar and cornstarch in a small bowl . 	Add to the pan and bring the sauce to a simmer ,  stirring . 	Cook ,  stirring often ,  until thickened and slightly reduced ,  about 4 minutes . 	Stir in mango and cook until heated through ,  about 1 minute . 	Remove from heat and stir in lime_juice . 	Spoon over chicken and sprinkle with cilantro .
Combine the salt ,  sugar ,  rum ,  cola ,  and honey until they are completely dissolved . 	Then ,  add the pork_tenderloin and marinate in the refrigerator for 48 hours . 	Preheat a grill . 	Cut into 2-inch medallions and grill for 5 to 7 minutes on each side .
Combine sugar ,  lime juice ,  and mango_pulp . 	In a heavy-bottomed sauce pan ,  cook while stirring constantly until the mixture leaves the sides of the pan . 	Take a bit of the cheese mixture and put in cold water . 	If finished ,  it should form a ball . 	Grease a shallow pan with rum or butter . 	Pour cheese mixture 1 "  thick . 	When cooled ,  cut into cubes and toss in granulated sugar .
Preheat the oven to 150c . 	Dust the beef chunks in 3T of the flour . 	Heat the oil in an oven-proof casserole dish  &  brown the meat ,  then add the onion ,  garlic and pancetta or bacon and cook over a high heat until lightly browned . 	Add the celery and carrot and mix through . 	Add the remaining flour and season with salt  &  pepper . 	Cook for a minute or so ,  stirring until the flour has been incorporated . 	Add the stock ,  Water ,  Worcestershire Sauce ,  Beer and the herbs and stir to combine . 	Place the lid on the dish ,  bring the contents to a boil ,  then carefully transfer the dish to the oven and cook for 2 hours . 	Remove from the oven and fish out the bay_leaves with a slotted spoon . 	Preheat oven to 200c . 	Depending on how much pastry you want to use in your meal and the shape of your ramekins you can either divide casserole into 4 small oven-proof dishes  &  top with pastry or you can do what we did last night ,  stretching out the casserole to 5 studio bowls ,  we folded 5 square sheets of pastry to form pouches in our ramekins then filled 3/4 high with casserole mixture ,  then twisted the top corners of the pastry to form cute little purse-like pies . 	They were very effective but not so manly lol ! 	Brush the tops of the pies with the egg and milk mix and bake until the pastry is golden brown ,  about 15-20 minutes .
Preheat oven to 180c and butter and line the bottom of a 7in/18cm cake tin . 	Measure the Agave syrup ,  butter and sugar into a large pan . 	Add a tablespoon of water and heat gently until melted . 	Remove from the heat and mix in the eggs and flour . 	Spoon into the cake tin and bake for 40-45 minutes until the cake is springy to the touch and shrinking slightly from the sides of the tin . 	Cool slightly in the tin before turning out onto a wire rack . 	While the cake is still warm ,  make the icing by mixing the sugar and the Agave syrup and lemon zest together with 2-3 teaspoons of hot water . 	Glaze the cake with the icing and allow to cool completely before serving . 	To make the compote ,  put the rhubarb ,  orange juice and the Agave syrup in a saucepan and bring to a gentle simmer ,  stirring occasionally . 	Cook for about 5 minutes ,  until the rhubarb breaks down into a puree . 	Stop cooking when some of the rhubarb is still just holding its shape ,  but make sure it's quite tender and not at all crunchy . 	Use a sieve to strain off a little of the syrupy juice ,  so you get a slightly denser rhubarb mixture and some good ,  tart rhubarb syrup . 	Serve warm or cold alongside the cake .
Stir 1/4 cup water ,  sugar and mint in medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves and syrup comes to simmer . 	Remove from heat . 	Cover and let steep 5 minutes . 	Add thawed blackberries with juices ,  reserved blackberry puree from Frozen Blackberry-Cream Pops ,  and cassis . 	Transfer mixture to blender and puree until smooth . 	Strain sauce into medium bowl ,  pressing on solids to extract as much liquid as possible ;  discard solids in strainer . 	Chill until cold . 	 ( Can be prepared 2 days ahead . 	Cover and keep refrigerated .  )
Put the dried mushrooms in a bowl ,  and cover with hot water . 	Cut Parmesan into chunks ;  put it in container of food processor with garlic ;  process until grated  ( if Parmesan is already grated ,  just pulse a couple of times )  . 	Add the pepper ,  salt and chicken or turkey and pulse the machine on and off until the mixture is chopped but not pureed . 	Squeeze excess water from mushrooms ,  but do not wring them completely dry ,  and add to the machine . 	Pulse two or three more times ,  until mixture is more or less combined but ,  again ,  not pureed . 	Put olive_oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet ,  and turn heat to medium . 	Wait a couple of minutes ,  then shape chicken mixture into 8 small burgerlike cakes . 	Cook 3 minutes a side ,  or until nicely browned . 	Do not overcook ;  when burgers are firm ,  they are done . 	Serve hot or at room temperature .
Combine all ingredients . 	Serve in a punch bowl with ice .
Melt together in the top of a double boiler ,  over hot water ,  the unsweetened_chocolate and sweet cooking chocolate . 	Stir until smooth ;  remove from heat and cool . 	Beat the egg_whites with a rotary beater until stiff . 	Gradually beat in sugar . 	Add the cooled chocolate mixture and continure beating until well mixed . 	Fold in flaked_coconut . 	Drop by teaspoonfuls onto well buttered baking sheets ,  making about 30 cookies . 	Bake in preheated 325F oven until stiff on the outside but still a little soft on inside ,  about 16 minutes . 	Remove from oven and loosen with a spatula . 	Remove from pan when cookies are completely cooled .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F . 	Add the sauce ingredients  ( ketchup through to butter )  into a medium sized saucepan  ( mix well )  . 	Simmer for 15 minutes . 	In the meantime ,  heat olive_oil in separate pan and brown short ribs in batches  ( removing them from the pan as they are browned )  . 	In an oven safe casserole dish place short ribs with their accumulated juices and add sauce . 	Cover with lid and cook in oven for 1 1/2 to 2 hrs until tender . 	I highly recommend serving this with a pile of white rice to soak up that wonderful sauce !
Cook macaroni per package directions and drain . 	Set aside . 	Melt butter . 	Add flour ,  salt ,  mustard ,  and pepper . 	Cook ,  stirring constantly for 2 minutes . 	Do not brown . 	Add milk ,  onion and Worcestershire_sauce . 	Cook until thickened and smooth  ( depending on how fine your onions are chopped will determine the smoothness )  . 	Stir in cheese continuing to stir until melted and creamy . 	Combine cheese sauce and macaroni . 	Pour into a 2 . 5 quart prepared casserole . 	You can top with additonal cheese or bread crumbs ,  if desired . 	Bake at 350 for 25 minutes or until hot through .
Mix cream and corn syrup in medium microwaveable bowl . 	Microwave on HIGH 30 to 45 sec . 	or until mixture comes to boil . 	Add chocolate ;  stir until chocolate is completely melted and mixture is well blended . 	Serve warm over ice cream ,  if desired .
Preheat oven to 350 . 	Mix flour ,  salt  &  pepper . 	Dredge chicken in flour mixture . 	Dip in whipped egg . 	Coat with breadcrumbs . 	Place chicken in glass baking dish sprayed with Pam . 	Bake for around 30 minutes  ( maybe less depending on size of breasts )  . 	If you flatten the chicken first it makes a really nice Chicken Parm .
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F . 	In a medium saucepan ,  add the potatoes and enough cold water to cover ,  and bring to a boil . 	Lower the heat and simmer until the potatoes are fork-tender ,  about 15 minutes . 	Drain ,  then return the potatoes to the pot . 	Add the milk ,  2 tablespoons of butter and lemon zest and mash until smooth . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Transfer the potatoes to a work surface ,  flatten into an even round and cut into quarters . 	Run your fingers under the skin of each chicken breast to separate it from the meat . 	Place 1/4 of the potatoes under the skin of each breast ,  gently pressing to evenly distribute . 	Place the stuffed chicken in a roasting pan ,  drizzle with the olive_oil and season with salt and pepper . 	Bake until tender and the juices run clear ,  about 40 minutes . 	Transfer the chicken to a platter . 	Stir the lemon juice ,  parsley and remaining 2 tablespoons butter into the pan juices ,  scraping up any browned bits from the bottom . 	Spoon the sauce over the chicken and serve .
Slice kielbasa in 1/2 inch rings ,  put in skillet ,  cover with water and simmer till water is evaporated ,  but meat is not crisp . 	Cold and chop sausage . 	Pour off any fat from kielbasa ,  then put extra_virgin_olive_oil in skillet and saute/fry onions and garlic in it . 	Put this in soup pot with minced potatoes and stock . 	Bring to boil and simmer till potatoes are quite tender  ( at least 20 min )  . 	Take pot off heat and mash potatoes with masher . 	Now add in tomatoes ,  beans and sausage to pot ;  simmer 10 min . 	Then add in spinach  ( or possibly kale or possibly beet greens )  ;  simmer 10 more min . 	Season to taste .
Preheat oven to 400F . 	Cut squash in half lengthwise and scoop out seeds ;  save seeds for toasting if desired  ( see above )  . 	Place squash halves cut side down on large baking sheet with sides . 	Bake until skins are browned and squash is tender ,  about 1 hour 10 minutes . 	Let cool slightly . 	Scoop cooked squash from skins and transfer to large saucepan . 	Mash well with potato masher ,  then stir in broth and 2 cups water . 	Bring to a simmer over medium-low heat ,  stirring often . 	Season with salt and pepper and remove from heat . 	Soup should be as thick as tomato sauceadd up to 1 cup more water to thin if necessary . 	If you prefer a finer texture ,  cool slightly then puree soup in a blender or food processor . 	Let cool completely ,  transfer to container with lid and refrigerate at least 8 hours . 	Up to 4 hours before serving ,  heat 3 tablespoons oil in a medium skillet over medium heat . 	Add sage_leaves and cook until lightly browned ,  turning once ,  about 1 minute . 	Using tongs ,  transfer sage to paper towels to drain . 	Reserve oil in skillet . 	Trim crusts from bread ,  discarding crusts . 	Cut each bread slice diagonally into 4 triangles ,  then cut each triangle in half to make 32 croutons total . 	Heat reserved oil in skillet over medium heat . 	Add half the croutons and cook ,  turning once ,  until golden on both sides ,  about 1 minute . 	Transfer to paper towels to drain . 	Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in skillet and cook remaining croutons as before . 	Rewarm soup over low heat ,  stirring occasionally . 	Ladle soup into bowls and scatter 3 toasted sage_leaves over each portion . 	Garnish each with 4 croutons and serve hot .
Melt six  ( 6 )  cubes bark  ( 12 ounces )  in a medium sized pan on low heat . 	Combine nuts and chow_mein_noodles . 	Stir into bark and stir mixture until well coated . 	Drop by teaspoonful into candy cups or onto waxed paper . 	Cool completely . 	Can be stored for several weeks in airtight container .
In a medium heavy skillet ,  heat the olive_oil over high heat . 	Add the okra and toss constantly until seared and golden ,  about 2 minutes . 	Remove from the heat ,  season to taste with salt and pepper and set aside . 	In the bowl of a food processor ,  combine the ground dried_shrimp with the fresh shrimp and peanuts . 	Pulse ,  scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary ,  until the mixture forms a chunky paste . 	In a large ,  heavy skillet heat the Dende oil over medium heat . 	Add the onion ,  garlic and chile flakes and cook ,  stirring frequently ,  for 2 to 3 minutes ,  until golden . 	Add the shrimp paste ,  1/2 teaspoon salt ,  and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and stir to mix . 	Pour in the water and bring to a simmer . 	Reduce the heat to low and simmer the Caruru gently for 30 minutes ,  stirring occasionally . 	The mixture will be quite thick . 	Stir in the reserved okra ,  cilantro and tabasco and cook for 2 minutes more ,  until the okra is heated through . 	Serve over white rice ,  garnished with the cooked jumbo_shrimp ,  red pepper julienne ,  cilantro sprigs and lemon wedges .
Prepare fruits . 	Wash strawberries well ,  removing leaves and stems . 	Peel kiwi and cut into half-moon slices . 	Cut bananas into circles . 	Peel pineapple and mangoes and cut into cubes . 	Thread the fruits into bamboo skewers . 	Chill while making the dip . 	Strawberry Dip . 	In a thick-bottomed saucepan melt butter over low heat . 	Add flour all at once and using a wire whip ,  whisk thoroughly to cook flour . 	Slowly pour hot milk while whisking . 	Combine sugar and egg_yolks and stir into mixture . 	Cook-stir for a few minutes until thick and smooth ,  not lumpy . 	Cool . 	In a blender or food processor ,  puree strawberries and honey until smooth . 	Reserve one tablespoon of the puree . 	Stir remaining puree into prepared milk mixture until completely blended . 	Drizzle reserved puree over the mixture in a swirl design . 	Chill and serve cold with fruit kebabs . 	Chocolate Dip . 	Put chocolate into a heat proof bowl . 	In a saucepan ,  heat cream and butter until bubbles form on the side . 	Pour into chocolate . 	Cover bowl and let stand about five minutes to let chocolate melt . 	When chocolate is melter ,  stil until smooth . 	Serve as dip for fruit kebabs . 	Caramel Dip . 	In a saucpan ,  melt sugar over low heat until it turns golden . 	Make sure it does not burn . 	Add cream and stir until smooth . 	Remove from heat and stir in butter . 	Mix thoroughly . 	Serve as dip .
Chop chocolate into small pieces . 	Melt butter and pour over chocolate . 	Whisk together until the chocolate is completely melted . 	Whip eggs and egg_yolks together with an electric mixer for 1 minute . 	Mix sugar and cornstarch together and add to eggs ;  whip until frothy  ( approximately 4 minutes )  . 	Add Grand_Marnier liqueur . 	Add melted chocolate and blend together . 	Fill 5 4-inch ramekins 3/4 full and bake at 425F for 14 minutes . 	Serve immediately  ( any leftover mix will keep in the fridge for 5 days )  .
Set a large pot of water to a boil ,  and salt it . 	Put half of the olive oil in a deep skillet ,  and turn the heat to medium . 	A minute later ,  add the garlic and the anchovies . 	When the garlic sizzles and the anchovies break up ,  turn the heat to its lowest setting . 	Cook the pasta until it is tender but not mushy . 	Reserve 1 cup of the cooking liquid ,  and drain . 	Add pasta and arugula to skillet ,  along with enough of the reserved cooking water to make a sauce . 	Turn heat to medium ,  and stir for a minute . 	Add salt and pepper to taste ,  plus a pinch or more of red pepper flakes . 	Turn pasta and sauce into a bowl ,  toss with remaining olive oil and serve .
In a skillet on the stove ,  brown beef with onion and bell_pepper . 	Add water ,  tomato_sauce and spices . 	Simmer 5 minutes . 	In a microwavable dish ,  layer the noodles  ( raw )  ,  sauce ,  cottage_cheese and mozzarella . 	Repeat twice ending with parmesan . 	Tightly cover with plastic wrap . 	Microwave on high for 10 minutes or until the noodles are tender .
1 . 	Soften cream_cheese . 	2 . 	Added sugar and vanilla and blend well . 	3 . 	Slowly beat in milk ,  scraping the bowl as necessary . 	4 . 	Slowly beat in pudding mix ,  scraping the bowl as necessary . 	5 . 	Pour into crust . 	6 . 	Top with whipped topping and eat . 	 * Fat free cream_cheese will make for a lighter ,  fluffier pie ,  while full fat will make for a richer ,  denser pie .
Combine all ingredients in a small bowl . 	Store in an airtight container . 	To use :  Use approximately 2 tablespoons of taco seasoning in place of a packet of commercial taco seasoning . 	To prepare taco meat ,  add seasoning  &  1 cup of water to one pound of browned meat and simmer over low heat until liquid is gone .
Prepare noodles as directed on package . 	Meanwhile ,  combine all remaining ingredients except dressing in large bowl . 	Drain noodles . 	Add to chicken mixture along with the dressing ;  mix lightly .
In a large skillet ,  melt butter over medium heat . 	Add pepper ,  scallions and broccoli . 	Cook ,  stirring occasionally ,  5 minutes . 	Stir in chicken_broth ,  cream ,  noodles and chicken . 	Heat to boiling . 	Reduce heat to low ,  cover and simmer over low heat 25-30 minutes or until noodles are tender .
Rub purified garlic and ginger . 	Chop shrimps at small pieces . 	Everything connect with the stuffing ,  salt to on- taste . 	Cut the by lengthwise thin plates and repulse . 	Cannon it is even to cover with stuffing from all sides ,  then wrap up by pork and bind it . 	Bake in oven . 	Remove binding and to cut .
Preheat oven to 400F Line 2 baking sheets with parchment papaer . 	Comvine choppped vregetables in l large bowl . 	Toss with oil . 	Place in a single layer on baaking sheets . 	Bake in preheated oven 35-40 minutes or until lightly browned . 	Pl ; ace roasted vegetables and chicken_stock in a large saucepan or srock por . 	Bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes . 	Puree soup . 	Add pasta ,  salt and pepper .
Pour warm_water into a large bowl ,  sprinkle yeast over top ,  and let stand until frothy at least ten minutes . 	Whisk in 2 tablespoons of the olive_oil ,  along with the salt ,  and 1/2 teaspoon each of the herbs . 	The remaining oil ,  and herbs get mixed together in a bowl for the final brushing later after formed ,  but just before going into the oven . 	Add in 3 cups of the flour and make a soft dough . 	Place onto a floured bread board and knead for 10 to 15 minutes ,  adding just enough flour as needed only . 	Place in a oiled large bowl ,  turning to coat ,  and cover with plastic wrap . 	Set into a draft free warm area and let double about 2 hours . 	Grease baking sheet and set aside . 	After doubled punch down the dough and divide into twelve portions ,  to make 12 buns . 	Roll ,  pinch and form by tucking under . 	Place onto prepared baking sheet ,  cover loosely with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator of up to 24 hours . 	But not less than 12 hours . 	When ready to bake remove and place on counter and let come to room temperature ,  which will take about an hour or so . 	Preheat your oven to 400 degrees . 	Mix the remaining oil and herbs if you haven't already done so ,  and brush tops of each roll . 	Bake at 400 degrees for 25 minutes until golden or tapping bottoms sound hollow . 	I also have sliced red or yellow tomatoes or grape tomatoes and placed on top before baking . 	Also caramelize a thinly sliced onion and you can also place that on top of each and they become crispy while baking also . 	Hope you enjoy this recipe as much as I do .
Preheat the grill for high heat . 	Brush vegetables with olive_oil on each side . 	Brush grate with oil . 	Place bell peppers and zucchini closest to the middle of the grill ,  and set onion and squash pieces around them . 	Cook for about 3 minutes ,  turn ,  and cook for another 3 minutes . 	The peppers may take a bit longer . 	Remove from grill ,  and set aside . 	Prepare the pizza dough according to the 100 %  whole wheat pizza recipe if using ,  or you can use store-bought dough . 	Place the pizza dough on the grill . 	Cover and grill until the bottom is well marked and nicely browned ,  3 to 5 minutes or more ,  after the first 3 to 4 minutes ,  check the bottom ,  if they are not quite browned and marked ,  keep grilling for a few more minutes . 	Using tongs transfer the crust to a baking sheet . 	Close the lid . 	Flip the crust ,  so now grilled-side is facing you . 	Spoon the marinaro sauce or tomato sauce onto pizza crust and spread it evenly . 	Sprinkle 3/4 cup of the cheese and galric over the sauce . 	Arrange the sun-dried or oven-dried tomatoes if using over the cheese . 	Then place the grilled vegetables and sliced mushrooms if using . 	Sprinkle the remaining cheese on top . 	Return the pizza onto the grill ,  cover ,  until the bottom is well browned and the cheese is melted ,  about 8 minutes . 	Remove from the grill . 	Slice and serve . 	Or you can bake the pizza in the oven . 	Just arrange the toppings as the same steps above over the raw pizza dough . 	Then bake in a preheated 450F  ( 230C )  oven for about 15 minutes ,  until the crust is golden-brown and the cheese is melted .
Heat oven to 400F . 	Mix all ingredients . 	Shape into loaf in 9x5-inch loaf pan . 	Bake 1 hour or until done  ( 160F )  . 	Let stand 3 min . 	before removing from pan .
Mix the peanut_butter ,  dry milk ,  and honey together . 	Roll it into small balls . 	It is it too dry to roll ,  add a little more honey  ( up to 2 tablespoons )  . 	Roll the balls in the shredded_coconut or chopped nuts .
Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a large ,  heavy nonstick skillet over medium heat . 	Add the onions ,  and cook ,  stirring ,  until they begin to sizzle and soften ,  about three minutes . 	Add a generous pinch of salt and the garlic . 	Stir everything together ,  turn the heat to low ,  cover and cook slowly for 45 minutes ,  stirring often ,  until the onions are very soft ,  sweet and light brown . Meanwhile ,  heat the remaining olive oil over medium heat in another large skillet . 	Add the cabbage . 	Cook ,  stirring often ,  until it begins to wilt ,  then add salt and pepper to taste . 	Continue to cook for another 10 to 15 minutes ,  stirring often ,  until the cabbage is tender and fragrant . 	Stir in the onions ,  simmer together uncovered for about five minutes or until there is no longer any liquid in the pan ,  and remove from the heat . 	Heat the oven to 350 degrees . 	Oil a 9- or 10-inch tart pan and line with the dough . 	Beat the eggs and milk in a bowl and season with salt  ( about 1/2 teaspoon )  and pepper . 	Stir in the onions ,  cabbage and cheese ,  and combine well . 	Scrape into the tart pan ,  and place in the oven . 	Bake 40 to 45 minutes until the top is lightly browned .
Spread almond_butter over one side of one slice of bread ,  and arrange sliced bananas over almond_butter . 	Spread chocolate spread over one side of the other slice of bread ,  and place over bananas to make a sandwich .
Prepare Cranberry Ice Ring one day in advance . 	Cranberry Cream Punch :  In punch bowl ,  combine sweetened_condensed_milk ,  cranberry juice concentrate ,   ( liqueur and food coloring ,  if desired )  . 	Just before serving ,  add club_soda/ginger ale and ice ring . 	Cranberry Ice Ring :  Combine cranberry_juice_cocktail and water . 	In 1-1/2-quart ring mold ,  pour 1/2 cup cranberry liquid . 	Arrange cranberries and lime_slices or mint leaves in mold and freeze . 	Add remaining 3 cups cranberry liquid to mold ;  freeze overnight .
Cut the lamb shoulder across the grain in thin slices with a sharp knife ,  flatten the slices between sheets of plastic wrap until they are 1/8 inch thick ,  and cut them into 1-inch-wide strips . 	In a saucepan whisk together the lemon juice ,  the thyme ,  the rosemary ,  the oregano ,  the pepper ,  and the salt ,  add the oil in a stream ,  whisking ,  and whisk the marinate until it is emulsified . 	Add the lamb strips ,  stir the mixture to coat the strips well with the marinade ,  and thread them onto the skewers ,  reserving the remaining marinade . 	Arrange the kebabs on the rack of a broiling pan ,  broil them under a preheated broiler about 3 inches from the heat ,  turning them once ,  for 6 minutes ,  and transfer them to a plate . 	Transfer 2 tablespoons of the juice from the broiler pan to the reserved marinade and bring the mixture to a boil . 	Remove the pan from the heat ,  whisk in the yogurt and salt and pepper to taste ,  and spoon the sauce over the kebabs .
To make the dressing :  measure the vinegar ,  lemon juice ,  salt ,  and pepper into a blender and give it a whirl . 	Add the olive_oil ,  a little at a time ,  blending after each addition . 	Add the sour_cream and blend briefly . 	Taste and adjust seasonings . 	To make the sugared pecans :  melt the butter in a small skillet ,  add the pecans and stir for one minute . 	Add the sugar and stir around for a few more minutes ,  until the pecans start to brown . 	Transfer the nuts from the skillet to a plate and set aside to cool . 	They will harden and clump together ,  but no worriesjust break them apart before adding them to the salad . 	To assemble the salad :  in a large bowl ,  toss the cabbage and apples with the dressing . 	 ( At this point ,  the salad can be stored in the fridge for several hours ,  maybe even a day or two .  ) 	Immediately before serving ,  stir in the cheese and sprinkle with the pecans . 	Enjoy !
Add all three ingredients to a cocktail shaker filled with about 1/2 cup ice . 	Shake well . 	Pour and serve . 	Cheers !  ! 	 !
Place the first 7 ingredients except the salt in a 6 . 	quart pot . 	Bring to a boil ,  cover ,  lower the heat ,  and simmer for 1 hour . 	Skim if necessary . 	Cool slightly and pour through a fine strainer lined with several layers of clean cheesecloth . 	Papertowels can be substituted . 	Season with salt very delicately so as not to overpower the flavor of fish . 	Add the garlic ,  parsley ,  and tabasco sauce to the fish broth to give it a piquant flavor . 	Add the seafood and simmer ,  half-covered ,  over the lowest possible heat for 2 hours .
 .  :  . 	For the Cupcakes  . 	 :  . 	Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Line cupcake pans with paper liners . 	Combine flour ,  sugar ,  baking_powder ,  salt ,  shortening ,  milk and vanilla in a large mixing bowl . 	Mix at low speed for 2 minutes . 	Scrape bowl . 	Add egg_whites and mix at high speed until fluffy and smooth ,  approximately 2 minutes . 	Fill liners 1/2 full of batter . 	Do not overfill . 	Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean . 	Cool 10 minutes in pans then remove from pan ,  and place on wire racks to cool completely . 	 .  :  . 	For the Frosting  . 	 :  . 	Place the butter in a large mixing bowl . 	Add 4 cups of the sugar and then the milk and vanilla . 	On the medium speed of an electric mixer ,  beat until smooth and creamy ,  about 3-5 minutes . 	Gradually add the remaining sugar ,  1 cup at a time ,  beating well after each addition  ( about 2 minutes )  ,  until the icing is thick enough to be of good spreading consistency . 	You may not need to add all of the sugar . 	Add a few drops of food coloring and mix thoroughly ,  adding one drop of red food color at a time until you get a good skin color . 	Flesh colored gel may be used as well . 	 ( Use and store the icing at room temperature because icing will set if chilled .  ) 	Icing can be stored in an airtight container for up to 3 days . 	 . 	 :  . For Decorating . 	 :  . 	Put 1 cup of chocolate_chips in zip top bag . 	Heat in microwave until melted ,  squeezing between fingers until smooth . 	Cut a very ,  very small piece of one bottom corner . 	On piece of wax paper ,  draw 24 curls for the top of babies head . 	Put in refrigerator to set . 	Frost cupcakes ,  use two chocolate_chips for eyes ,  put a chocolate curl on top of face and stick pacifier where mouth would be .
Saute vegetables until tender . 	Add flour ,  stir until foamy . 	Add chicken_stock and milk . 	Stir . 	Add cornstarch ,  cubed cheese ,  parsley and pepper . 	Heat through . 	Add thawed broccoli . 	Heat through and serve .
brown sausage . 	lay cabbage on top and let steam for a few minutes with lid on pan . 	drain . 	drain veggies and add to this mixture . 	Cool mixture . 	add spices  ( abt 1 tsp each )  . 	lay egg roll wrapper so it is in diamond shape . 	spoon about a heaping tblspoon in center . 	with wet finger ,  wet the two " top edges "  of diamond shape . 	fold up the bottom side . 	fold one side of wrapper over ,  then the other side . 	 " roll " the wrapper from the bottom up . 	The wet edges will seal wrapper . 	Deep fry until golden brown . 	Serve with hot mustard or sweet and sour sauces .
1 . 	Combine the flour and salt in a large bowl . 	Add the butter and mix together with your fingertips or a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles coarse meal . 	2 . 	Mix the egg with the water in a small bowl . 	Toss the mixture gently with the butter mixture until the dough comes together ;  do not overwork it . 	Divide the dough in half . 	Flatten each half with the palm of your hand to form a thick disk . 	Wrap both disks in plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour . 	3 . 	Remove 1 disk of dough from the refrigerator . 	Unwrap it and roll it out on a lightly floured work surface or between 2 sheets of wax paper to form a circle about 1/8-inch thick and 2 inches larger than the pie plate . 	Work quickly ,  as the dough can become sticky . 	4 . 	Use a spatula to help lift the dough and fold it loosely in half ,  then in quarters . 	Gently transfer the dough to the pie plate ,  placing the corner of the dough in the center of the plate . 	Open up the dough and press it lightly into the plate to fit . 	 ( If the dough should tear ,  just press it gently together .  ) 	Trim the dough ,  leaving a 1-inch overhang . 	5 . 	Repeat the rolling process with the second disk of dough to make the top crust . 	The circle of the top crust should be 10 inches in diameter .
Cream butter in a large bowl ,  gradually add sugar ,  beating well at medium speed of electric mixer . 	Add eggs ,  one at a time ,  beating after each addition . 	Dissolve soda in buttermilk ,  stirring well . 	Add to creamed mixture alternating with flour ,  beginning and ending with flour . 	Add 1 cup mini morsels ,  melted chocolate ,  chocolate_syrup ,  and vanilla stirring just until blended . 	Don't overbeat . 	Spoon batter into heavily greased and floured 10-inch bundt pan . 	Bake at 300F for 1 hour and 25-35 minutes or until cake springs back when touched . 	Invert cake immediately onto serving platter and let cool completely . 	Combine 4 oz . 	chopped white_chocolate and 2 tablespoons of shortening in top of double boiler  ( you can use the microwave also .  ) 	Cook until mixture is melted and smooth . 	Remove from heat . 	Drizzle white melted chocolate over cooled cake . 	Melt remaining morsels and 2 teaspoons shortening in small saucepan  ( or microwave )  stirring until smooth ,  Remove from heat ,  let cool and drizzle over white_chocolate .
Mix all ingredients except oil in a quart container . 	With a burr mixer ,  slowly add oil . 	Extra oil may be needed depending on consistency desired . 	If a burr mixer is unavailable ,  you can use a blender or a robot-coup . 	Both have a hole on the lid ,  so you can still gradually add the oil . 	Salt and pepper are added only to taste .
In a large bowl ,  whisk the fish_sauce with the lime juice ,  rice_vinegar ,  mirin ,  curry paste ,  curry powder and vegetable_oil . 	Add the green papaya ,  cilantro ,  scallions ,  inari and pickled_ginger and toss well . 	Season lightly with salt and refrigerate until chilled ,  about 30 minutes .
In a small bowl ,  whisk the mayonnaise and buttermilk . 	Fold in the Green Tomato Pickles ,  season the sauce with salt and pepper and refrigerate until chilled . 	Put the butter- milk and flour in 2 separate pie plates . 	Whisk the cornmeal into the flour along with the salt and pepper . 	Dip the fish fillets on both sides in the buttermilk ,  allowing the excess to drip back into the pie plate . 	Dredge the fish in the flour mixture ,  pressing to help it adhere . 	Transfer the fish to a baking sheet . 	Heat 1/4 inch of vegetable_oil in each of 2 large skillets until shimmering . 	Sprinkle the fish with more of the flour mixture and add the fillets to the skillets ,  skin side up . 	Cook over moderately high heat ,  turning once ,  until golden and cooked through ,  5 to 6 minutes . 	Drain the fish on a paper towellined baking sheet . 	Serve right away ,  with the tartar sauce .
Heat one can of coconut milk and the massaman curry_paste in a large pot over medium heat ,  stirring to break up the paste . 	Heat for 3-5 minutes . 	You are basically cooking the paste with this step . 	Next add the other can of coconut milk and the meat ,  stirring to cover the meat in the sauce . 	Add the rest of the ingredients except the potato ,  onion and peanuts  ( if using )  . 	Simmer for a half hour or until the meat is starting to get tender . 	After a half hour ,  your house will smell amazing . 	Remove the cinnamon_stick and bay_leaves from the sauce . 	Taste the sauce . 	You want balance . 	If it is too sweet ,  add a bit more lime_juice . 	Too tart ,  a bit more sugar . 	Make adjustments if needed . 	Then add the potatoes ,  onion and peanuts  ( if using )  . 	Bring the curry back to a simmer and continue to cook for another 1/2 hour or until the potatoes are cooked through and the meat is tender . 	Serve with steamed rice . 	Enjoy ! 	 ! 	 *  * This is a recipe you can make early in the day or the day before and then reheat .
For the shrimp_stock :  . 	Place all ingredients in a large stock pot and bring to a boil . 	Reduce to a low simmer and cook uncovered for about 45 minutes ,  skimming off any foam that forms on the surface . 	It should cook down to about 8 cups Freeze if you are not using it right away . 	For the seafood gumbo :  . 	1 . 	Heat the 2 tablespoons of oil in a large saucepan and add the okra . 	Cook until lightly browned . 	Drain on paper towels . 	2 . 	In a large ,  heavy bottomed stock pot over medium heat ,  add the 1/2 cup oil and flour and make a roux . 	I like to use a deep pot to reduce the chance of splattering the searing hot oil on myself . 	The roux will take time ,  maybe about 45 minutes of constant stirring with the longest wooden spoon you have until it is the color of milk chocolate . 	Dont rush it or you could burn the flour . 	If it looks speckled ,  it is ruined and you must start over . 	Hey nobody said this would be easy . 	3 . 	Add the onion and continue to cook and stir until it is the color of dark chocolate . 	Add the celery and bell pepper and saute for about 5 minutes then add the crabs ,  tomatoes ,  fried okra ,  thyme ,  bay_leaf ,  garlic ,  Worcestershire_sauce and shrimp_stock . 	Season to taste with salt ,  pepper and Tabasco . 	Simmer for 45 minutes then add the shrimp and green_onions . 	Serve over cooked rice .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F . 	Spread oats on an ungreased baking sheet  &  bake 10-15 minutes or until lightly toasted . 	In a large bowl ,  combine oats ,  popcorn ,  raisins ,  dried fruit  &  sunflower_seeds . 	In a small saucepan ,  combine margarine ,  sugar ,  honey ,  cinnamon  &  nutmeg  &  heat over a medium setting until margarine is melted . 	Drizzle over popcorn mixture ,  then toss to coat . 	Best when served right away !
In a small bowl ,  combine the olive_oil with the lemon juice and vinegar and season with salt and pepper . 	In a large bowl ,  toss the sliced squash with the vinaigrette . 	Transfer to a large platter . 	Sprinkle with the lemon thyme and the Aleppo pepper and serve right away .
Preheat the oven to 350F  ( 180C )  . 	Line a 10 1/2 x 15 1/2 in  ( 27 x 39cm )  pan with wax paper . 	Dissolve the cornstarch in 2 tbsp water in a small bowl . 	Cook in microwave oven on High about 20 seconds ,  until boiling ;  set aside . 	Beat the egg_whites and vinegar with an electric mixer until soft peaks form . 	Gradually beat in the sugar until the whites are stiff and shiny . 	Beat in the cornstarch mixture and vanilla . 	Spread the mixture in the jelly roll pan . 	Bake about 15 minutes ,  until lightly browned . 	Let cool on a wire rack . 	Meanwhile ,  whip the cream until stiff . 	Fold in the lemon_curd . 	Unmold the meringue on a another sheet of wax paper . 	Spread with the lemon cream . 	Starting at a long side ,  roll up the meringue . 	Transfer to a serving platter . 	Cover and refrigerate until serving . 	Sift confectioner's sugar over the roulade and serve .
To make the crust ,  combine the butter ,  flour ,  baking_powder ,  salt and 2/3 of the sugar in a food processor with a steel blade and pulse just until it resembles coarse crumbs . 	With the machine running ,  slowly pour in the ice_water just until a dough ball forms . 	Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least one hour . 	When the dough has chilled ,  roll it out on a well floured surface until its about a 10 circle  ( doesnt have to be exact )  . 	Using whatever cutter you have ,  cut out as many as you can and then re-roll the scraps to use up all the dough . 	You should ,  ideally end up with an equal number of shapes . 	Preheat the oven to 375 F . 	Peel ,  core and dice the pears ,  place them in a bowl and toss with the lemon_juice . 	Add the sugar ,  cinnamon ,  ginger ,  nutmeg and salt . 	Stir in the flour and drain off any excess liquid . 	Place about a tablespoon of the filling into the center of half of the the shaped dough pieces and top with the remaining dough pieces . 	Using a fork ,  crimp the edges so that the filling doesnt run out and cut a small slit into the top of each for steam to escape . 	Place pies on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper ,  brush with the cream and sprinkle with the remaining tablespoon of sugar . 	Bake for 30-40 minutes or until the pies are a light golden brown . 	The number of pies you get will depend on your size cutter but my 4 1/2 cutter got me 12 cut outs for a total of 6 hand pies .
Use a toothpick or skewer to poke about 12 holes all over each duck leg . 	To make the marinade ,  mix together the five-spice powder ,  salt ,  sugar ,  oyster_sauce ,  soy sauce ,  wine ,  ginger juice ,  and sesame_oil in a bowl large enough to accommodate the duck_legs . 	Add the duck_legs and use your fingers to massage the marinade evenly into the legs ,  slipping some between the flesh and skin when possible . 	Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours or up to 24 hours for the best flavor . 	Turn the legs 3 times during marination . 	About 45 minutes before roasting ,  remove the duck_legs from the refrigerator to bring them to room temperature . 	Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil ,  and place the legs ,  skin side up ,  on the prepared baking sheet . 	Add any left over marinade to the broth . 	Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 475F . 	Roast the duck for 18 to 20 minutes ,  or until sizzling and deep mahogany . 	Flip each leg over and roast for 3 to 5 minutes longer ,  or until the second side is browned . 	Transfer to a shallow bowl that will fit into your steamer tray and place the bowl in the steamer tray . 	Fill the steamer pan halfway with water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat . 	Place the tray in the steamer ,  cover ,  and steam for about 45 minutes ,  or until tender and a knife easily pierces the thickest part of a leg . 	When the legs are ready ,  transfer them to a plate . 	Use a spoon to skim off and discard the clear fat in the bowl and then add the dark cooking juices to the broth . 	 ( Th e duck_legs may be cooked 2 days in advance ,  cooled ,  covered ,  and refrigerated . 	Bring to room temperature before serving .  ) 	Pour the broth into a saucepan and add the mushrooms . 	Bring to a simmer over medium heat ,  and then lower the heat to keep the broth hot . 	At the same time ,  fill a large pot with water and bring to a rolling boil ,  for reheating the noodles . 	Cut the duck meat off the bones ,  discarding the bones ,  and slice into bite-sized pieces . 	To reheat the noodles ,  place a portion on a large vertical-handle strainer  ( or mesh sieve )  and dunk the noodles in the boiling water . 	After 5 to 10 seconds ,  pull the strainer from the water ,  letting the water drain back into the pot . 	Empty the noodles into a bowl and repeat with the remaining portions ,  while proceeding to assemble each bowl as the noodles are reheated and drained . 	Position some bok choy to the side of each noodle mound ,  and then prominently display slices of duck on top . 	Garnish with a light drizzle of sesame_oil ,  sprinkle with the scallion and cilantro ,  and add a pinch of white_pepper . 	Raise the heat on the broth and bring to a rolling boil . 	Do a final taste test ,  adding more salt ,  if necessary . 	Ladle about 2 cups broth into each bowl ,  distributing the hot liquid evenly to warm all the ingredients and including some mushroom wedges with each portion . 	Serve immediately with the chile-garlic mix and pickled vegetables for diners who want some chile and crunch .
Mix meat mixture and mold into a dish . 	Mix topping and pour over meat mixture . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	Grease and flour a 9 inch square pan . 	Sift together the flour ,  baking_powder and salt . 	Set aside . 	In a large bowl ,  cream together the shortening and 2/3 cup sugar until light and fluffy . 	Beat in the egg ,  then stir in the vanilla . 	Beat in the flour mixture alternately with the milk . 	Stir in cherries and chopped nuts . 	Pour batter into prepared pan . 	Bake in the preheated oven for 40 to 50 minutes ,  or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean . 	Allow to cool . 	Serve with cherry sauce . 	To make cherry sauce :  In a saucepan ,  combine 1/2 cup sugar ,  cornstarch and salt . 	Blend in 3/4 cup reserved cherry juice and 1 cup water . 	Stir in almond flavoring and red_food_coloring . 	Cook over medium heat ,  stirring frequently ,  until mixture thickens .
Combine the TVP ,  lukewarm water ,  and chili_powder ;  allow to sit for about 10 minutes to rehydrate . 	Rinse the beans thoroughly to cut down on the sodium content . 	Combine the rehydrated TVP ,  beans ,  diced tomatoes ,  tomato_paste ,  cinnamon ,  and honey in a large pot ;  turn heat to medium-low and simmer for about 10-15 minutes . 	You may need to add some broth if it gets too thick . 	Taste the chili and add more honey or spices as desired . 	Simmer an additional 10-15 minutes ,  or until it's nice and warm ;  the time is pretty flexible since you're just heating everything up . 	This is great served over a baked potato and sprinkled with shredded cheddar soy cheese ! 	You can also serve it on rice or toast ,  or however you prefer .
Preheat oven to 350F  ( 175C )  . 	Grease and flour two 8 or 9 inch round pans . 	In a large saucepan ,  melt butter . 	Remove from heat and cool slightly . 	Beat eggs and sugar until light in color ,  then add melted butter and vanilla . 	Beat in cocoa ,  flour ,  salt ,  and baking_powder . 	Add little by little the milk until obtaining a smooth mix  ( not too runny )  Spread batter into prepared pans and bake in preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes . 	Do not overcook . 	To make frosting  ( for an 8 inch layer cake )  :  Combine all the ingredients together in a bowl and then add enough milk to get a smooth  ( not runny ,  not like concrete )  consistency . 	Usually 1/4 cup to start is good . 	Make sure everything is blended together . 	Refrigerate while cake is cooking and cooling ,  then frost the cake .
In a medium bowl ,  combine the garlic ,  wine ,  broth ,  oil ,  salt ,  and red pepper flakes . 	Add the shrimp and toss to coat . 	Set aside to marinate for 5 minutes . 	Coat a large nonstick skillet with nonstick spray and warm over medium-high heat . 	Add the bell pepper to the skillet and cook for 1 minute to soften slightly . 	Add the shrimp and all but 1 tablespoon of the marinade . 	Cook for 2 minutes ,  or until the shrimp turn pink on the bottom . 	Turn the shrimp over and cook for 1-2 minutes longer ,  or until the shrimp are opaque . 	In a cup ,  dissolve the cornstarch in the remaining 1 tablespoon of marinade . 	Push the shrimp to the side of the pan and stir the cornstarch into the sauce in the center of the pan . 	Cook for 1 minutes ,  or until the sauce is slightly thickened . 	Mix the sauce with the shrimp and serve immediately .
Toss the cabbage ,  jalapeno ,  carrot ,  onion ,  and salt in colander set in the sink . 	Let rest for one or two hours to get rid of the excess water that makes most slaw watery . 	Rinse with cold water and spin in a salad spinner to dry  ( or dry well with paper towels )  . 	Add the well drained and dried cabbage to a large bowl . 	In a small saucepan ,  add the yellow mustard ,  chili_sauce  ( or ketchup )  ,  sour_cream ,  apple_cider_vinegar ,  celery_seeds and sugar . 	Bring to the boil over medium-high heat . 	Pour over the cabbage and toss to coat . 	Refrigerate covered ,  for at least one hour or overnight .
preheat . 	oven at 350	in a large bowl mixing 1 through 8 well	cook for 2 to 3 hour emptying oil periodically	take out and add ketchup on top then cook for 20 minutes . 	more . 	add mash potatoes and corn and enjoy
Heat oil in a wok ,  and fry the all eggs until they are beginning to crisp and turn to yellow color . 	Then put the eggs in a serving plate and put it aside for now . 	Heat oil in a wok and fry the sliced shallots until brown . 	Be careful not to burn it ,  then put it in a bowl and put it aside as well . 	Use the left over oil from eggs and onion . 	Add palm_sugar , tamarind_juice and fish_sauce . 	You can taste and add more if you want . 	However ,  the original taste should be sweet and sour . 	Cut fried eggs in half and transfer to a serving dish . 	Sprinkle with the fried shallots ,  and pour the sauce over the eggs . 	Before serving ,  garnish with fresh coriander_leaves on top and serve immediately . 	Thai Recipe by  :  EzyThaiCooking . com .
Sprinkle bacon evenly with seasoning ,  using 1/4 tsp . 	seasoning per slice . 	Place on parchment-paper lined full sheet pans . 	Bake in a 350F-convection oven for 8 to 10 minutes or until crisp ;  drain . 	For each serving :  Cover 1 bread slice with 2 bacon slices ,  1 VELVEETA slice and 2 tomato slices ;  top with second bread slice . 	Brush outside of sandwich with 1 Tbsp . 	butter . 	Preheat flat top grill to 375F . 	Grill 2 to 3 minutes on each side or until VELVEETA is melted and sandwich is lightly browned on both sides . 	Serve immediately .
Add ingredients to pan in order listed ,  set bread machine on " dough "  and walk away . 	After the cycle is completed ,  lightly coat dough ball in flour and roll or slap out to desired size . 	Top with desired sauce ,  cheeses ,  meats and/or veggies and bake at 450 until cheese is golden brown . 	Will make a 9-10 "  pizza of average thickness ,  or a 13-14 "  thin crust pizza . 	For best results ,  bake on a preheated baking stone sprinkled with corn meal . 	Notes :  You may substitute beer for all or part of the water . 	I've used 3/4 cup flat beer and 1/4 water with excellent results . 	A teaspoon of semolina may be added as well -- it provides a nice crunchiness to the dough when baked . 	Corn meal can be substituted for the semolina  ( and likewise ,  semolina can be used to dust the pizza peel and/or baking stone )  .
In a large serving bowl ,  toss together the pasta ,  onion ,  cucumber ,  bell peppers ,  celery ,  olives ,  and artichoke hearts . 	Refrigerate the salad up to 24 hours In a medium glass mixing bowl ,  whisk together the oils ,  vinegar ,  soup mix ,  black pepper ,  basil ,  parsley ,  and feta until well blended . 	Pour 1 cup of the dressing over the salad and toss Refrigerate the salad for at least 6 hours . 	When ready to serve ,  toss the salad with the remaining dressing .
Preheat oven to 375F . 	In large skillet ,  heat oil over medium heat . 	Add diced vegetables ,  garlic and herbs and cook ,  stirring often ,  until vegetables begin to soften ,  3 to 5 minutes . 	Add quinoa and olives and cook ,  stirring ,  2 minutes . 	Add salt and cayenne_pepper . 	Remove from heat . 	Partially cook peppers in a steamer 4 to 5 minutes . 	 ( Pepper halves can also be steamed in a microwave 2 to 3 minutes in a covered dish with 2 tablespoons water .  ) 	Fill pepper halves with quinoa mixture ;  place on a lightly greased baking dish . 	Top with marinara or tomato sauce . 	Add enough water to cover bottom of dish . 	Cover loosely with foil and bake until peppers are tender ,  20 to 25 minutes  .
Place tofu in chilled serving bowl . 	Top with ingredients in order listed . 	Do not assume this will taste like a great sundae . 	DO not use if you have NOT used tofu before . 	This is for those of us who can nibble the tofu as we slice it . 	That takes a couple years for Western tastebuds .
Heat olive_oil in a deep pan over medium heat . 	Add onions and sugar and let cook for at least 15 minutes ,  until onions begin to caramelize . 	Add entire bottle of red_wine ,  and simmer until wine is reduced to about half ,  about 15 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  in a large stockpot ,  bring 1 L of water to a boil and add the 2 cubes of vegetarian beef flavoured stock . 	Add onions and wine to the stock in the pot ,  and simmer gently for another 15 or 20 minutes . 	Pour soup into onion soup bowls ,  top generously with sliced swiss_cheese and set under the broiler for 2 minutes ,  or until cheese is light brown and bubbly .
Prepare cake batter and bake as directed on package for 2  ( 9-inch )  round layers . 	Cool in pans 10 min . 	 ;  remove from pans to wire racks . 	Cool completely . 	Grate zest and squeeze juice from 1 lime . 	Beat cream cheese ,  sugar and lime juice in medium bowl with mixer until blended . 	Add COOL WHIP ,  lime zest and 1/3 cup coconut ;  stir gently until blended . 	Cut cake layers horizontally in half . 	Stack cake layers on plate ,  spreading 1/3 cup COOL WHIP mixture between each layer . 	Frost top and side of cake with remaining COOL WHIP mixture . 	Gently press remaining coconut into side of cake . 	Slice remaining lime ;  use to garnish cake just before serving .
Combine chocolate_chips ,  butterscotch_chips and peanut_butter in large saucepan . 	Stir in low heat till melted and smooth . 	Add in corn_flakes ;  stir till well mixed . 	Spread mix in pan till hard . 	Let stand 10 min before cutting into bars .
Arrange the tomatoes ,  cut sides down ,  on a rack to drain . 	On a microwave-safe plate lined with several layers of paper towel microwave the bacon at high power  ( 100 %  )  for 2 to 3 min ,  or possibly till it is browned . 	Transfer the bacon to another paper towel to drain and when it is crisp crumble it coarse . 	Sprinkle the inside of the tomatoes with salt and pepper to taste ,  arrange them ,  cut sides up ,  in a microwave-safe shallow baking dish ,  and microwave them at medium power  ( 50 %  )  for 30 seconds to 1 minute ,  or possibly till they are softened . 	 ( Don't overcook the tomatoes or possibly they	will collapse .  ) 	In a shallow microwave-safe bowl heat the butter at high power  ( 100 %  )  ,  whisk in the Large eggs ,  the mustard ,  the scallions ,  and salt and pepper to taste ,  and microwave the mix at high power  ( 100 %  )  ,  stirring every 30 seconds ,  for 1 1/2 min ,  or possibly till the Large eggs are in large chunks and almost set . 	Stir the mix briskly to break up the chunks and stir in the bacon and the shredded basil . 	Divide the egg mix between the tomatoes ,  top it with the Monterey Jack strips ,  forming Xs ,  and microwave the filled tomatoes at high power  ( 100 %  )  for 15 seconds ,  or possibly till the cheese is melted . 	Serves 2 .
In a saucepan ,  cover the pork with the water and add 1 1/2 teaspoons of salt . 	Bring to a boil ,  then cover partially and simmer over low heat until the pork is very tender ,  about 2 hours . 	Transfer to a plate ;  cover with a damp cloth and let cool . 	Strain the cooking liquid and return it to the saucepan ;  skim off the fat . 	Add the onion ,  garlic ,  anchos ,  tomatoes and tortillas . 	Bring to a boil and simmer for 30 minutes . 	Let cool to room temperature . 	In a skillet ,  toast the pumpkin seeds over moderate heat until puffed ,  about 3 minutes . 	Puree the ancho mixture with the pumpkin seeds in batches . 	Return the puree to the saucepan and simmer over moderate heat ,  stirring ,  until slightly thickened ,  about 10 minutes . 	Season with salt . 	In a bowl ,  combine the grits ,  masa_harina and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt . 	In a saucepan ,  bring the chicken_stock to a simmer . 	Slowly stir in the grits and masa_harina . 	Cover and cook over low heat for 30 minutes ,  stirring . 	Add the butter ,  season with salt and let the dough cool slightly . 	Meanwhile ,  soak the corn_husks in water until pliable ,  about 20 minutes ;  drain . 	Shred the pork into a bowl and stir in 3/4 cup of the ancho sauce ;  season with salt . 	Spread a corn husk on a work surface . 	Spread 3 tablespoons of the warm tamale dough over the wide end of the husk to form a 1/4-inch-thick rectangle . 	Spoon 1 heaping tablespoon of the pork filling in the center of the dough . 	Using the husk ,  bring the dough up to enclose the meat . 	Fold the husk around the dough and fold the narrow end of the husk under the tamale . 	Repeat with the remaining husks ,  dough and pork filling ;  rewarm the dough in the microwave oven or on a plate in a steamer if it cools down . 	Cook the tamales in a large steamer until heated through and firm to the touch ,  about 15 minutes . 	Transfer to a platter . 	Rewarm the remaining ancho sauce and serve with the tamales .
In a small bowl combine quick_oats ,  margarine ,  and boiling_water . 	Cover and allow margarine to melt ,  and mixture to cool a bit . 	Mix remaining cake ingredients and mix well . 	Spread into 9x13 greased and lightly floured cake pan . 	Bake at 350F for approximately 35 minutes or until done . 	For icing :  Mix icing ingredients until well blended . 	Spread over cooled cake and put under broiler until coconut browns  ( watch this closely ,  the coconut will brown fast )  .
Drain the beans that have been soaking overnight . 	In a medium saucepan ,  bring 5 cups of chicken_stock ,  2 1/2 cups of water and the speckled beans to a simmer over moderate heat . 	In another saucepan ,  bring the remaining 3 cups of stock ,  1 cup of water and the black beans to a simmer over moderate heat . 	Cook the beans until tender ,  adding water when needed to keep the level of the liquid 1/2 inch above the beans . 	The speckled beans will take about 2 1/2 hours and the black beans about 1 hour . 	Season with salt . 	Drain the beans and put them in a large bowl . 	While the dried beans are cooking ,  blanch the shelled fava_beans in boiling salted water for 1 minute . 	Lift them from the boiling water with a slotted spoon ,  chill them in ice water and drain . 	Pinch the favas out of their skins . 	Return them to the boiling water and cook until just tender ,  about 4 minutes . 	Drain the favas and add them to the beans in the bowl . 	In a medium skillet ,  heat 2 tablespoons of the olive_oil . 	Add the bell peppers and cook over moderate heat until beginning to soften ,  3 to 4 minutes . 	Add the peppers to the beans in the bowl . 	Add the onion ,  cilantro ,  chervil and tarragon to the beans . 	Whisk the remaining 6 tablespoons of olive_oil with the vinegar and mustard ;  season with salt and pepper . 	Toss the bean salad with the dressing and refrigerate until chilled . 	Check the seasoning before serving .
Preheat the oven to 400F . 	Line a baking sheet with parchment paper . 	On a lightly floured countertop ,  roll out the puff pastry to about 6 inches square . 	Pierce the dough every 1/2-inch with a fork ;  this helps the pastry rise more evenly . 	Mound the cherries in the center of the dough and drizzle 2 teaspoons of the red wine syrup over them  ( but not the pastry )  . 	Lightly moisten the edges of the dough with water ,  pull it up ,  and fold it over to the edges of the cherries ,  forming pleats so that it cradles the fruit . 	Scatter the almonds on top . 	Transfer the tart to the prepared baking sheet and bake for 20 to 25 minutes ,  until the pastry has puffed and turned golden brown . 	Remove it from the oven and let cool for a few minutes . 	Transfer to a dessert plate ,  drizzle with the remaining 1 teaspoon of red wine syrup ,  spoon on a dollop of yogurt ,  and eat .
Heat oven to 350A and get a large Get bowl and add all ingredients	Blend ingridients until a soft chocalatey brown	Once ingredients mixed togethor get a 9A9 or 13A9 pan and put the mix in the brownie pan	Next put the brownie pan in the oven	If brownie pan 8A8in wait 50 to 55 min til baking finished if 9A9in wait 35 to 40 min til baking finished if 13A9in wait 26 to 28 min til baking done	Eat and enjoy you have finished
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	Grease an 8x8-inch glass casserole dish with 1 tablespoon butter . 	Soak bread slices in a bowl of water until soggy ,  about 5 minutes . 	Remove slices from bowl and squeeze out excess water . 	Place bread in a separate bowl and mash using your hands ;  stir in 1 cup figs ,  1 cup apricots ,  raisins ,  hazelnuts ,  brown_sugar ,  lemon zest ,  lemon juice ,  cinnamon ,  ginger ,  and salt until brown_sugar is dissolved . 	Stir egg into bread mixture until evenly mixed . 	Spoon bread mixture into the prepared casserole dish ,  smoothing the top with the back of the spoon . 	Decorate the mixture with 2 sliced figs and 2 sliced apricots ;  dot with remaining 1 tablespoon butter . 	Bake in the preheated oven until edges and top of bread pudding are lightly browned and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean ,  25 to 30 minutes . 	Beat cream and honey together in a bowl using an electric mixer until stiff peaks form . 	Serve bread pudding warm or cold with a few spoonfuls of honey whipped cream .
Combine softened butter ,  mustard ,  grated onion ,  poppy_seeds ,  and Worcestershire_sauce to form a spread . 	Without separating the rolls ,  slice the rolls horizontally . 	Spread the butter mixture on both slices -- inside ,  not outside . 	Layer the ham and cheese on bottom slices . 	Top with the top slices . 	Cut into individual rolls but keeping them together . 	Wrap each package of now cut rolls tightly in foil and refrigerate until ready to bake . 	Bake at 400 degrees for about 15 minutes ,  or until heated and cheese is melted . 	Just pop the foil packets into the oven . 	That easy ! 	You can also heat them in a baking dish -- just spray a little Pam or the like on the dish .
Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium-low heat ;  cook and stir the onions in the melted butter until translucent ,  about 5 minutes . 	Stir in the beef and season with salt_and_pepper . 	Cook ,  stirring occasionally ,  until the meat is tender and the juices have cooked away ,  about 30 minutes . 	Stir in the garlic and peas ;  pour in enough water to cover . 	Bring the mixture to a boil ,  cover ,  and simmer over low heat until the peas change color and are tender and hot ,  and almost all of the liquid has been absorbed ,  about 1 hour .
In a carafe ,  combine the Prosecco and peach_puree . 	Divide the cherry herring along with the frozen peaches between six champagne glasses ,  and divide the drink between them to top . 	Garnish with fresh peach_slices .
Cook ,  drain and mash potatoes with lowfat milk and butter . 	Cook broccoli according to package directions . 	Drain well . 	Fold into mashed potatoes . 	Put into non-stick baking pan . 	Sprinkle with cheese . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 15 min or possibly till cheese melts . 	Serve warm . 	Serves 4 .
Combine flour and almonds on waxed paper . 	Preheat oven to 325 degrees . 	Combine corn syrup ,  chocolate ,  sugar and butter in sauce pan . 	Cook stirring constantly till mix boils and chocolate is melted . 	Remove from heat and stir in vanilla . 	Stir in flour mix gradually till well blended . 	Drop by scant teaspoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets about 3 inches apart . 	Bake only 6 at a time . 	Bake 8 min . 	Remove from oven ,  cold 30 seconds ,  scoop up with spatula ,  quickly roll around wooden spoon handle till cookie stiffens . 	If cookie stiffens before rolling ,  return to oven for a few min . 	Store in airtight container .
Whisk eggs and yolks in heavy non-aluminum saucepan until foamy . 	Whisk in 1 1/2 cups sugar ,  then lemon_juice ;  mix in peel . 	Stir over low heat until mixture thickens to consistancy of heavy custard ,  about 10 minutes ;  do not boil . 	Remove from heat and whisk in butter . 	Transfer mixture to bowl and cool until very thick ,  stirring occasionally ,  about 50 minutes . 	Whip cream in medium bowl to soft peaks . 	Fold cream into lemon mixture just until combined . 	Spoon mousse into individual serving glasses . 	Cover and refrigerate until set ,  about 2 hours . 	 ( Can be prepared one day ahead . 	 )  . 	Coarsely mash berries in small bowl using fork . 	Mix in 2 tablespoons sugar ; taste ,  adding more sugar if desired . 	Cover and refrigerate 1 hour to release juices . 	 ( Can be prepared one day ahead . 	 )  . 	Spoon sauce over centers of mousse ,  garnish with mint_sprigs and serve .
Peel and chop pumpkin . 	In a large pot add pumpkin ,  and also all other ingredients ,  with the exception of the black_pepper . 	Bring the soup to the boil and simmer for approx 30 minutes or until pumpkin is tender . 	Remove from the heat and puree soup until smooth in food procesor or blender ,  stir in black_pepper and serve .
Rub the raspberries through a fine sieve and add enough cream to make 1 pint  ( 2 cups )  . 	Heat the cream and raspberry puree to just below boiling point . 	Beat together the egg_yolks ,  sugar ,  mace and orange-flower water . 	Pour the cream and raspberry mixture into the egg mixture in a thin stream and beat until smooth . 	Cook in the top of a double boiler ,  over simmering water ,  until it is thick enough to coat a spoon . 	Pour into serving bowl and chill . 	Note :  This recipe is an adapted version of an original attributed to Charles Carter ,  1730 . 	Source :  Seven Centuries of English Cooking by Maxime de la Falaise
Heat butter ;  stir in flour . 	Add in one can of evaporated lowfat milk . 	Stir till thickened . 	Add in salt and pepper ,  Worcestershire_sauce ,  capers ,  Parmesan cheese and paprika to make it pink . 	Cook shrimp with scallops in two qts of water with 2 Tbsp . 	salt for five min and flounder last three min . 	Drain . 	Flake flounder and add in fish and seafood to sauce ,  then rest of lowfat milk . 	Cook lobster and add in to sauce with crabmeat . 	Add in Sherry to sauce . 	Place in a 3-qt casserole . 	Top with crumbs and paprika . 	Bake for 40 min in a 350 degree oven . 	Serve over cooked rice .
Blend berries and soy lowfat milk till smooth . 	Mix remaining ingredients ,  add in to blender and combine . 	Makes about 3 c .  .  Make 1 c .  sized waffles . 	Cook between 6 and 7 min on high . 	Cooking longer will add in cripsness ,  but can burn .
Preheat an oven to 365 degrees F  ( 185 degrees C )  . 	Lightly oil a 9-inch square casserole dish . 	Sift the 3 cups flour ,  cinnamon ,  and nutmeg together into a large mixing bowl . 	Cut the vegetable_shortening and cold butter into the flour mixture with a knife or pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs with some chunks the size of peas . 	Add the ice water a tablespoon at a time ,  tossing with a fork ,  until the flour mixture is moistened . 	Work the dough as little as possible ;  this is the key to a super light and flaky crust . 	After half the water has been incorporated ,  watch closely ,  as mixture will come together suddenly . 	Once it begins to stick together ,  gather into a ball ,  divide into halves ,  and roll each ball out to 1/4-inch thickness ,  adding flour as necessary to prevent sticking . 	Press one of the dough portions into the prepared casserole dish ,  covering bottom and sides completely . 	Heat a skillet over medium heat . 	Sear the chicken breasts in the hot skillet until evenly browned on both sides ;  cut into small cubes and set aside in a large mixing bowl . 	Reduce the heat under the skillet to medium-low . 	Cook the carrots ,  celery ,  potatoes ,  peas ,  and about half the diced onion in the drippings from the chicken until the carrots soften ;  add to the bowl with the chicken . 	Increase the heat to medium . 	Add the water to the skillet and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon ;  pour into a cup and set aside . 	Melt the butter in the skillet . 	Cook and stir the remaining onion and the garlic in the melted butter until the onions begin to brown ,  5 to 8 minutes . 	Sprinkle the 2 tablespoons flour over the onion mixture and stir to evenly coat . 	Pour the reserved liquid over the onion mixture . 	Stir the chicken base ,  salt ,  pepper ,  sage ,  and thyme into the mixture . 	Cook and stir until the mixture has reduced into a thick gravy ;  pour over the chicken mixture in the mixing bowl . 	Allow the mixture to cool completely . 	Pour the mixture over the crust in the casserole dish . 	Top with the remaining portion of dough and pinch the edges together to seal the edges . 	Cut a few slits into the top to vent . 	Bake in the preheated oven until the crust is golden brown and the gravy bubbles through the slits ,  about 1 hour . 	Allow to cool slightly before serving ,  10 to 15 minutes .
FOR THE DOUGH :  In a large bowl ,  dissolve the yeast in the water and let stand 5 minutes . 	Add the egg ,  butter ,  sugar ,  salt ,  and sour_cream . 	Beat in 2 cups of the flour to make a stiff dough . 	Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled ,  about 1 hour . 	Turn out onto lightly floured board and roll out to make a square about 20 to 24 inches across . 	TO MAKE THE FILLING :  Blend the almond_paste ,  egg ,  sugar ,  cinnamon ,  and vanilla . 	Spread this mixture over the rolled dough to within 1/2 inch of the edge of the dough . 	Sprinkle with the raisins and orange_peel . 	Roll dough up ,  jelly roll fashion ,  enclosing the filling . 	Cover baking sheet or a 16 inch pizza pan with parchment paper or lightly grease it . 	Place roll on the pan in the shape of a wreath and seal ends together . 	With a pair of scissors ,  clip the wreath and lift the cut dough back over the wreath decoratively . 	Let rise 1 hour or until puffy . 	Preheat oven to 400 F .  To make the glaze ,  mix the beaten egg well with the 2 tablespoons milk . 	Brush wreath with the mixture and sprinkle with the pearl sugar . 	Bake for 20 to 30 minutes or until golden . 	The Great Scandinavian Baking Book B .  Ojakangas
Heat oil in Dutch oven over medium heat . 	Cook sausage 5 minutes and remove from pan . 	Add chicken ,  cayenne_pepper ,  and 1 tablespoons Emeril's essence to pan and cook 5 minutes . 	Remove from pan . 	Add onions ,  bell peppers ,  remaining essence and garlic to pan and cook 8-10 minutes ,  until vegetables are softened . 	Add rice and cook ,  stirring 3-5 minutes . 	Return sausage and chicken to pan . 	Add stock and bay_leaf . 	Increase heat to medium-high and bring to a boil . 	Cover and reduce heat to low . 	Cook 25 minutes ;  remove from heat . 	Let stand ,  covered ,  10 minutes . 	Remove bay_leaf and stir in green_onions and parsley to serve .
Crust :  Combine flour ,  brown_sugar ,  walnuts and butter and set 2/3 of the crumbs in a 13 x 9 "  pan . 	Set some aside for the topping . 	Whip the cream and set aside . 	Filling :  In a food processor ,  combine the egg whites ,  sugar ,  strawberries and lemon_juice . 	Process the mixture until frothy ,  about 5 minutes . 	Fold in the whipping_cream and pour into the pan . 	Top with remaining crumbs . 	Freeze at least 6 hours . 	Note :  If you plan on dividing this into smaller containers ,  make the crust 1-1/2 times so that you have enough crumbs for the topping .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F . 	Cut off the lid of the pumpkin and set it aside . 	Pull out the seeds and strings from inside the pumpkin . 	Brush the inside flesh with melted butter ,  season with salt_and_pepper . 	Place pumpkin on a roasting rack set inside a pan ;  bake for 15 minutes . 	In a large skillet ,  heat oil over moderate heat . 	Add onion ,  celery ,  garlic ,  apples ,  celery seed ,  and fennel seed . 	Sprinkle in orange zest and 2 tablespoons each parsley and sage . 	Cook ,  stirring often ,  until fragrant ,  about 3 minutes . 	Season with salt_and_pepper . 	Add the ground sausage ,  breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon ,  and brown until no longer pink ,  about 10 minutes . 	Deglaze the pan with wine ,  cook down 2 minutes to evaporate the alcohol . 	Stir in the cream ,  check seasoning . 	Scrape the sausage mixture into a large bowl and fold in the cornbread . 	Gradually blend in the eggs and chicken_broth ,  until the stuffing is evenly moistened . 	Add remaining parsley and sage . 	Fill the pumpkin with stuffing ,  return to the oven ,  and bake 20 minutes until the eggs are cooked and the stuffing has a little lift . 	Serve stuffing in the pumpkin bowl topped with lid .
In a medium bowl ,  add Simply_Potatoes_Shredded_Hash_Browns ,  bacon ,  avocado ,  and goat_cheese . 	In a food processor ,  finely chop the spinach ,  bell pepper ,  and onion . 	Add the eggs to the food processor and pulse until combined . 	Mix the ingredients from the food processor into the bowl . 	On a clean countertop ,  lay out a dozen potsticker wrappers . 	Place 1 tablespoons of filling onto the center of each . 	Using a basting brush ,  lightly dab the edges of each potsticker with cold water . 	Fold a corner of each potsticker onto the opposite corner ,  forming a triangle ,  and press all the way around the edges to create a seal . 	Repeat until all of your potsticker wrappers are filled and sealed . 	In a large pan with a lid  ( I use an electric griddle ,  set to 350F )  add just enough oil to lightly coat the surface . 	When the oil is hot ,  add as many potstickers as will fit  ( My griddle can accommodate all 48 - though it is a tight fit ! 	- but smaller pans will require you to work in batches )  . 	While the potstickers are cooking ,  combine your boiling_water and ketchup and mix thoroughly . 	Add this water/ketchup mixture onto the potstickers and immediately cover with the lid . 	Let steam for 5 minutes ,  then remove the lid ,  allowing the water to evaporate . 	Season with sea salt and black pepper . 	Enjoy your fancy potsticker breakfast !
Make the Sunshine Sub Sauce and set aside . 	 ( See my recipe ) 	Preheat the oven to 350F . 	Cut the french bread lengthwise . 	Put a layer of provolone_cheese . 	Drizzle some of the Sunshine Sub Sauce on . 	In a large skillet or griddle over medium heat ,  brown the hard_salami . 	Layer over the provolone . 	Wipe the grease from the skillet with a paper towel . 	In the same skillet or griddle ,  brown the mortadella and layer over the salami . 	Brown the pepperoni and layer over the mortadella . 	Brown the ham and layer over the pepperoni . 	Add a layer of mozzarella_cheese . 	 ( If you can use sliced mozzarella ;  use that . 	Shredded is a pain ) 	Now add the bell pepper ,  red onion ,  black olives ,  and mild banana peppers . 	Add some more Sunshine Sub Sauce and put the lid on . 	Brush the top with butter or margarine and sprinkle on some garlic salt . 	Wrap in foil and bake for 20-25 minutes . 	Serve hot to your hungry clan .
Preheat oven to 400F	Season ribs with salt_and_pepper . 	Place in a shallow baking pan . 	Brown in oven 15 minutes . 	Turn over ,  and brown another 15 minutes ;  drain fat . 	In a medium bowl ,  mix together the ketchup ,  chili_sauce ,  brown_sugar ,  vinegar ,  oregano ,  Worcestershire_sauce ,  hot_sauce ,  and salt_and_pepper . 	Place ribs in slow cooker . 	Pour sauce over ribs ,  and turn to coat . 	Cover ,  and cook on Low 6 to 8 hours ,  or until ribs are tender .
Graham cracker should cover bottom and 1 1/2 inches upside of pan . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 10 min . 	Drain pineapple well . 	Reserve 3/4 c .  juice . 	Cover pineapple and chill . 	Combine juice with sugar ,  Large eggs ,  spices and gelatin in medium saucepan . 	Cover and simmer gently for 30 min ,  stirring occasionally . 	Beat cream_cheese and vanilla till fluffy . 	Gradually beat in hot pumpkin mix till well blended . 	Pour into prepared pan . 	Cover ,  chill overnight . 	Remove sides from pan - put cheesecake on serving plate . 	Fold pineapple and marshmallows into whipped cream . 	Spoon on top of cake . 	MMMMM Good Good Good !
In a glass or stainless steel sauce pan heat vinegar on the stove to where it is warm ,  but not boiling . 	Fill a clean glass jar with horseradish ,  onion ,  garlic ,  turmeric ,  and a pinch or two of Cayenne pepper . 	Pour in the warmed vinegar and cap with an acid-proof lid . 	Store in a warm place 3 to 4 weeks ;  shaking a few times a week . 	Strain mixture and add enough honey to suit your taste . 	Rebottle fire cider and refrigerate . 	At the first sign of a cold take 1 to 2 tablespoons every 2 to 3 hours until your symptoms subside .
Brown chicken in hot oil . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Place in baking dish . 	Drain excess fat from skillet . 	Add everything else except the celery and bay_leaf . 	Heat ,  scraping up bits . 	Pour over chicken . 	Tuck in celery among chicken . 	Tuck in the bay_leaf in the middle of the dish . 	Cover and bake at 350 for 1 hour ,  15 minutes . 	Remove bay_leaf and celery before serving .
Preheat the broiler  ( griller )  . 	In a large bowl ,  mix together the berries and 1/4 of the brown sugar . 	Pour into a flameproof shallow baking dish or 9-inch pie dish . 	In a medium bowl ,  whisk the cream with 1 tablespoon of the brown sugar until soft peaks form . 	Whisk in the sour_cream . 	Place dollops of the cream mixture on top of the berries ,  in mounds . 	Sprinkle evenly with the remaining 3 tablespoons brown sugar . 	Slip under the broiler about 2 inches from the heat source and broil  ( grill )  until the sugar melts ,  about 2 minutes . 	Remove from the broiler and serve immediately .
Soak the beans overnight ,  drain . 	Transfer to a large soup pot ,  cover the beans with fresh water . 	Bring to a boil for 5 minutes ,  then drain and rinse them . 	Warm the oil in the soup pot ,  add the onion and chile and briefly cook together . 	Next add the beans ,  10 cups of water and bring to a boil . 	Simmer until beans are tender ,  about 45 minutes for new beans ,  longer for older beans . 	Season to taste with salt ,  then continue cooking until they are completely soft . 	Puree half the beans and cooking liquid at a time in the blender until smooth . 	Return the puree to the pot . 	Add the cream and reheat . 	Chop toasted pine_nuts finely . 	Stirin the chopped herbs ,  reserving some of the chives . 	Ladle the soup into bowls and garnish with the remaining chives and the pine_nuts .
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F . 	Line a baking sheet with parchment paper . 	Beat the egg_whites until they form stiff peaks . 	Gradually beat in the cocoa ,  confectioners sugar ,  salt ,  and vanilla . 	Gently fold in the ground almonds . 	Drop the mixture by rounded teaspoonfuls on prepared baking sheet ,  leaving a 2-inch space between each macaroon . 	Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 30 minutes ,  until macaroons are very lightly browned . 	Let cool on baking sheet until macaroons are firm .
Toast the seeds in a dry pan until they start to pop . 	Gring coarsely in a pestle and mortar . 	Put seeds in a pan with the milk ,  cream and half the sugar . 	Bring to the boil and remove from the heat . 	Whisk the egg_yolks with the remaining sugar until fluffy and add to the milk . 	Cook over a low heat for 5 mins until thickened to a custard consistency . 	Leave to cool and freeze in an ice cream machine or whish well to get lots of air in ,  pour into a plastic tub and place in the freezer stirring occasionally until frozen .
Saute onion in butter . 	Blend in flour &  salt . 	Add broth . 	Cook &  stir until thickened . 	Add chicken &  vegetables . 	Heat until bubbling . 	Pour into casserole dish . 	Cut biscuits into fourths ,  and place on top of casserole . 	Bake at 425 for 8-10 minutes .
Pour flavored syrups into a 12 oz cup . 	Add the hot fresh Espresso . 	Fill with HOT steamed/foamed milk . 	Stir once around lifting upwards to bring the syrups up . 	Drip a teaspoon of Banana flavored syrup on the foamy top . 	top with Hazelnut topping powder .
Toast bagel pieces ;  spread with cream cheese product . 	Top with remaining ingredients .
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F  ( 165 degrees C )  . 	Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan . 	Combine cake mix and pudding mix . 	In another bowl beat eggs ,  water ,  oil and rum until frothy . 	Add cake mix/pudding mixture and beat until well mixed . 	Spread pecans evenly over the bottom of the prepared pan and pour batter over pecans . 	Bake cake at 325 degrees F  ( 165 degrees C )  for 60 minutes or until a toothpick comes out dry when inserted in the center . 	Allow to cool in pan for 5 minutes and remove from pan . 	Place in serving dish immediately ,  right side up . 	 ( Pecans should be on the bottom ) 	To Make Glaze :  During the last 15 to 20 minutes of baking time ,  combine butter or margarine ,  water and sugar in a sauce pan and bring to boil over high heat . 	Reduce heat to medium and boil rapidly until it's very thick and syrupy stirring very frequently . 	The syrup must be reduced quite a bit and very thick otherwise it will make the cake mushy . 	Remove from heat and add rum . 	While cake is still hot ,  poke holes all over top of cake with a toothpick and spoon glaze over top of cake . 	Allow cake to sit at room temperature for one day then refrigerate .
Beat pudding mix and milk in large bowl with whisk 2 min . 	Refrigerate 5 min . 	Spoon into 4 dessert dishes . 	Top with bananas and nuts .
Place the turkey legs into a large saucepan ,  pour in enough water to barely cover ,  and add the bouillon cubes . 	Bring to a boil over medium heat ,  and cook until the water has nearly evaporated ,  about 30 minutes . 	Place the red_bell_peppers ,  tomatoes ,  onion ,  habanero_peppers ,  garlic ,  and tomato_paste into a blender ,  and blend until the vegetables are pureed . 	Be careful because the habanero_peppers are very hot -- don't touch your eyes after handling peppers . 	Heat the vegetable_oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat ,  and pour the blended mixture into the oil . 	Reduce heat and simmer until the oil separates and the sauce begins to fry ,  about 30 minutes ;  stir the turkey into the sauce ,  and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes to blend the flavors . 	Season to taste with salt .
Add Smirnoff No . 21 Vodka ,  tomato_juice ,  red_hot_sauce ,  green hot sauce ,  worchester sauce ,  lemon_juice ,  pinch of salt ,  pinch of pepper . 	Pour back and forth between two mixing glasses . 	Strain into an ice-filled highball glass . 	Garnish with celery stalk .
Mix clove bud ,  ginger and optional ingredient you would enjoy . 	Infuse in 2 cups boiling water ,  and for every cup ,  stir in 2 teaspoons soothing and sweet raw_honey . 	Sip throughout the day until you are feeling comforted .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Layer the swiss_cheese ,  mozzerella cheese ,  pepperoni ,  and onion in the pie crust . 	In a small bowl ,  mix together the milk ,  eggs ,  salt ,  oregano ,  and garlic_powder . 	Pour this mixture over the cheese in the pie crust . 	Bake for 45 minutes .
Preheat the oven to 350 F .  Grease and flour a 9x9 square pan or round pan  ( like a pie dish )  . 	Set aside . 	For the cake :  Cream the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment for 4 to 5 minutes ,  until light . 	Add the eggs 1 at a time ,  then add the vanilla ,  butter extract and sour_cream . 	In a separate bowl ,  sift together the flour ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda ,  and salt . 	With the mixer on low ,  add the flour mixture into the batter until just combined . 	Finish stirring with a spatula to be sure the batter is completely mixed . 	Fold in pecans . 	Set aside . 	For the streusel :  Whisk the flour ,  sugar and salt together in a large mixing bowl until combined . 	Cut in the butter in very small pieces . 	If you dont have a pastry cutter  ( I dont )  ,  you can use your hands or mix with a fork until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs . 	Work the brown_sugar and cinnamon into the flour mixture ,  or squeeze the mixture with your hands ,  almost like Play Dough ,  for 3-5 minutes . 	I prefer to use my hands . 	You want the mixture to look like one big brown_sugar clump . 	Thats how you get the larger crumbs . 	Break the crumbs into chunks and sprinkle over the batter ,  pressingly lightly so they stick . 	Bake the cake until the center is firm and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean ,  about 30-35 minutes . 	Remove pan from oven and set it on a rack . 	Allow to cool completely before serving ,  about 2 hours .
Combine greens ,  tomato and croutons in a large salad bowl . 	Add remaining ingredients and toss .
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a small skillet over medium-high heat . 	Add onion and saute 2 minutes or until tender ;  set aside . 	Combine baking_mix and half of cheese in a large bowl ;  make a well in center of mixture . 	Stir together onion ,  egg ,  and milk ,  blending well . 	Add to cheese mixture ,  stirring just until dry ingredients are moistened . 	Spoon into lightly greased miniature muffin pans ,  filling two-thirds full . 	Sprinkle evenly with remaining cheese and sesame_seeds ;  drizzle with 2 tablespoons melted butter . 	Bake at 400 deg F for 12 to 14 minutes or until golden . 	Makes ~ 1 1/2 dozen mini muffins . 	Serving :  3 mini-muffins each .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan . 	In a large bowl ,  mix together the flour ,  sugar ,  baking_soda and cinnamon . 	Add the eggs ,  pineapple and nuts ,  mix until well blended . 	Pour into the prepared pan . 	Bake for 45 minutes in the preheated oven ,  until a toothpick inserted comes out clean . 	In a small bowl ,  stir together the confectioners sugar and milk until smooth ,  spread over cooled cake .
In a mixing bowl ,  cream butter and sugar . 	Add in Large eggs ,  a few at a time ,  mixing well after each . 	Add in syrup ,  lowfat milk and vanilla ;  mix well . 	Stir in oats ,  raisins and pecans . 	Combine flour ,  baking pwdr ,  baking_soda and salt ;  stir into oat mix . 	Mix in chips . 	Cover and refrigeratefor 2 hrs . 	Drop by rounded tablespoonfuls 2 "  apart onto greased baking sheets . 	Bake at 350 for 15 min .
For the frosting :  Place chocolate in large bowl . 	Heat cream ,  sugar ,  and salt in saucepan over medium-low heat ,  stirring occasionally ,  until sugar dissolves and mixture begins to simmer . 	Pour hot cream mixture over chocolate and whisk until smooth . 	Whisk in vanilla and butter until glossy . 	Cover and refrigerate until icing is firm but still spreadable ,  about 1 hour . 	For the cake :  Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 350 degrees . 	Generously grease and flour two 8- or 9-inch cake pans and line with parchment paper . 	Spread one-eighth of batter  ( about 2/3 cup )  evenly in each pan and bake until edges are golden brown and cake springs back when touched ,  10 to 14 minutes . 	Cool on rack 5 minutes . 	Run a knife around pan perimeter to loosen cake ,  then invert onto rack to finish cooling . 	Cool pans to room temperature ,  then wipe clean and repeat process 3 more times for a total of 8 layers . 	To assemble :  Place 1 cooled cake layer on serving platter . 	Spread 1/4 cup frosting over cake . 	 ( If frosting is too firm ,  let warm at room temperature 5 minutes ,  then stir to soften .  ) 	Top with second cake layer and additional 1/4 cup frosting . 	Repeat ,  alternating layers of cake and frosting and finishing with cake layer . 	Frost top and sides with remaining frosting . 	Serve .
Pastry :  Sift flour and salt together ,  then rub in butter until the mixture resembles breadcrumbs . 	Add sufficient iced water to make a stiff dough ,  then roll out thinly . 	Take a buttered 25cm  ( 10 inch )  tart plate and line it with the pastry ,  trimming the edge and pricking it all over with a fork . 	Put in a 180C/350F oven for 15 to 20 minutes ,  until just cooked . 	Filling :  Thaw the spinach as instructed on the package . 	Beat the eggs with the milk ,  fold into the spinach with the basil ,  add salt and pepper to taste and pour into the pastry shell . 	Make a pattern with the anchovies ,  tomato slices and capers ,  finish with the nutmeg and put back into the oven at 180C/350F for a further 30 minutes or until the filling is firm . 	Decorate the centre with a sprig of fresh basil . 	Serve either hot or cold .
Carefully cut the spongecake into three horizontal layers . 	Strawberries :  Save half of the strawberries for decoration . 	Cut the other half of the strawberries in small cubes -- an put in a bowl . 	Mix in the sugar og let it rest until the sugar has dissolved . 	It should become a little sirupy . 	Vanilla Custard :  Bring the milk ,  with the vanilla_bean added ,  to a boil . 	Whisk the egg_yolks with the sugar and corn starch . 	Add 1 tablespoon of water if the mixture becomes too thick . 	Remove the vanilla_bean and then pour the milk over the egg mixture and whisk brisklyl . 	Pour the mixture back into the pot . 	Gently reheat the mixture and continue whisking until it becomes a thick cream . 	Pour the cream through a sieve and let cool . 	Whip 2/3 cup of the heavy cream and fold it in the custard . 	Spread half of the vanilla custard and then half of the strawberry filling on the bottom layer of the sponge cake . 	Place the second layer on top of this and press gently . 	Repeat the above process before placing the last layer of sponge cake on top . 	Tip ! 	If you have extra time on your hands ,  you may cover the cake in plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator for 24 hours before decorating . 	This will give the flavours time to settle a bit and will make a great cake even better ! 	Whip the remaining cream . 	Use a pastry bag with a spout to decorate ,  working it in an upward movement all around the cake . 	To crown the work add the remaining strawberries on top .
Preheat oven to 350 . 	Quarter the artichokes and cut the chicken up into somewhat smaller pieces - makes it easier to serve . 	Combine bread crumbs ,  parmesan and parsley in a shallow pan . 	Melt the butter and add garlic ,  worcestershire sauce ,  mustard and lemon_juice . 	Stir well and let mixture cool but not congeal . 	Dip the chicken pieces in the butter then roll in the crumb mix until they are well coated . 	Place the chicken breasts in a large ,  shallow baking dish . 	Place the artichokes and mushrooms around the chicken . 	Pour the remaining butter over the chicken . 	If there isn't enough ,  melt more butter . 	Bake 45 minutes .
Mix all ingredients together and marinate 2-4 hours .
Cream butter and sugar till light . 	Add eggs ,  beating well after each addition . 	Sift dry ingredients together and add to creamed mixture alternately with applesauce . 	Stir in raisins and pecans . 	Turn batter into greased and lightly floured pan  ( 13 x 9 x 2-inch )  . 	Bake at 350 F about 45 minutes to till done . 	Cool in pan . 	 ( an additional 1/3 cup raisins can be substituted for the 1/2 cup of pecans ,  if desired )  .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F  ( 190 degrees C )  . 	Spray a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking_spray . 	Mix the cooked_turkey ,  refried_beans ,  pumpkin_puree ,  and taco seasoning in a bowl . 	Pour tomato_sauce into a blender ,  and add chipotle pepper and chicken_bouillon_granules ;  blend until smooth ,  about 30 seconds . 	Lay a tortilla out onto a work surface ,  and generously spoon turkey filling in a line down the middle of the tortilla . 	Fold a top and bottom flap of the tortilla towards the middle ,  and fold the sides inward to enclose the filling . 	Lay the enchilada ,  seam side down ,  into the baking dish . 	Repeat with remaining tortillas and filling . 	Pour the sauce over the filled tortillas ,  and sprinkle with Cheddar cheese . 	Bake in the preheated oven until the cheese has melted and the sauce is bubbling ,  35 to 45 minutes .
Dissolve gelatin in 2 c .  warm water . 	Stir to mix . 	Add in frzn strawberries and stir till thawed . 	Add in can of pineapple and walnuts . 	Stir to mix . 	Let set .
For sauce ,  in a small saucepan combine all ingredients . 	Bring just to boiling . 	Brush sauce onto burgers to last 10 mins of grilling . 	Heat any remaining sauce just til bubbly ;  serve with burgers . 	Makes about 1 1/2 cupssauce ,  sufficient for 1 to 2 lbs of meat .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees . 	Quarter and shred cabbage . 	Spread in a buttered shallow 12-cup baking dish . 	Saute bacon in a large frying pan ,  just until fat starts to cook out ;  remove ;  drain and set aside for later . 	Stir onion and rice into bacon drippings in the frying pan . 	Cook ,  stirring constantly ,  over medium heat ,  until onion is soft and rice is lightly browned . 	Spoon over the cabbage in the baking dish . 	Brown beef and pork in the same frying pan . 	Spoon over the rice mixture in the baking dish ;  sprinkle with salt and pepper . 	Heat spaghetti_sauce with the water to boiling in the same frying pan . 	Pour slowly over cabbage ,  so sauce will seep into layers underneath . 	Top with bacon slices ;  cover with foil . 	Bake for 50 minutes ,  or until rice and cabbage are tender . 	Uncover ;  bake for 10 minutes longer to crisp bacon .
Preheat oven to 400F . 	Squeeze any excess liquid from shredded potatoes . 	Heat oil in large cast iron skillet on medium-high heat . 	Add half of the potatoes ,  tossing to coat . 	Push the garlic_cloves into the potato and sprinkle with parsley and salt . 	In a separate skillet ,  heat butter on medium heat and toss remaining potatoes in the melted butter . 	Immediately layer potatoes on top of the potato/garlic mixture ,  spreading evenly over the first layer . 	Bake in a preheated 400F oven for 45 minutes or until potatoes are golden brown and crisp .
Heat oven to 400 degrees  . 	Arrange broccoli along one long side of ungreased . 	rectangular baking dish ,  13 x 9 x 2 inches . 	Arrange cauliflower along . 	other side of dish . 	Arrange carrots down center between broccoli and . 	cauliflower . 	Drizzle with margarine . 	Sprinkle with salt ,  pepper ,  basil ,  . 	tarragon and garlic . 	Arrange onions evenly over top . 	Cover with aluminum foil and bake about 30 minutes or until vegetables are . 	crisp-tender .
In a saucepan boil the cider until it is reduced to about 1/4 cup and let it cool . 	In a bowl whisk together well the pumpkin puree ,  the eggs ,  the oil ,  the brown sugar ,  the zest ,  and the reduced cider . 	Into the bowl sift together the flour ,  the baking powder ,  the salt ,  the baking_soda ,  the mace ,  the cinnamon ,  and the cloves ,  add the walnuts ,  and stir the batter until it is just combined . 	Transfer the batter to a well-buttered 8 1/2-by 4 1/2-inch loaf pan and bake the bread in the middle of a preheated 350F . 	oven for 1 hour ,  or until a tester comes out clean . 	Let the bread cool in the pan .
Combine chicken ,  Pickapeppa sauce ,  and garlic in a large zip-top plastic bag . 	Seal bag . 	Refrigerate 2 hours . 	Preheat grill to medium-high heat . 	Remove chicken from marinade ;  discard marinade . 	Thread chicken ,  mango ,  and red_bell_pepper alternately onto each of 8  ( 12-inch )  skewers . 	Place skewers on grill rack coated with cooking spray ;  grill 10 minutes or until chicken is done ,  turning occasionally .
Mix tomato_sauce ,  hot_sauce and seasonings in a large saucepan . 	Add raw ground beef and mash with potato masher while cooking . 	Cook on medium heat for 30 minutes until beef is browned ,  then simmer on low for 2-3 hours . 	 ( Sauce will be very thick )  Serve Michican Sauce over steamed hot dogs in a steamed bun and top with chopped raw onions .
Mash the hot potatoes roughly with the Corned Beef ,  garlic ,  spring_onions ,  1 1/2 cups of the cheese and season well with pepper . 	Beat the eggs and mustard together and then stir into the potato mixture . 	Pile into a greased and paper-lined 23cm loose-bottom cake tin and scatter over the remaining cheese . 	Bake at 180oC for 45 minutes . 	Cool in the tin before unmoulding . 	Serve with tomato chutney and salad .
Make a slit in sides of washed plums with a sharp knfe . 	Remove and discard pits ,  leaving plums whole . 	Arrange plums in bottom of heavy non-aluminum saucepan . 	Add sugar ,  lemon juice and peel . 	Set aside in a cool area overnight . 	Next morning bring plum mixture to a boil over medium-high heat . 	Remove from heat and stir . 	Set aside in cool area 1 day . 	Nex morning bring plum mixture to a boil over medium-high heat ,  skimming frequently . 	Remove fruit from saucepan using a slotted spoon . 	Reserve . 	Boil liquid until syrup reaches the thread stage  ( or 230-degrees F on a candy thermometer )  . 	Add fruit to syrup and return to a boil . 	Cool completely . 	Pour into sterilized jars and seal .
Combine butter ,  onion ,  celery ,  croutons ,  broth ,  parsley ,  and poultry seasoning . 	Cut turkey_breast in thick slices from the breastbone to rib cage ,  leaving slices attached to bone ( crosswise across breast )  . 	Sprinkle turkey with salt and pepper . 	Soak cheesecloths  ( 24 x 26 )  in wine . 	Place turkey on cheesecloth ,  and stuff bread mixture into slits between turkey slices . 	Fold one end of cheesecloth over the other to cover meat . 	Place on metal rack in a 5-6 quart slow cooker . 	Cover ,  and cook on low 7-9 hours ,  or until tender ,  pouring additional wine over turkey during cooking . 	Remove from pot and remove cheesecloth immediately . 	If browner breast is preferred ,  remove from pot and brown in oven at 400 degrees for 15-20 minutes . 	Let stand 10 minutes before slicing through ,  and serving . 	To thicken the drippings if you wish ,  for the gravy mix 3 tablespoons cornstarch and 1/4 cup cold water . 	When smooth ,  stir into broth ,  with turkey removed from cooker . 	Turn cooker to high ,  and stir until cornstarch paste is dissolved . 	Allow to cook 10 minutes ,  until broth is thickened ,  and smooth .
Melt chocolate and butter in small heavy saucepan over low heat ;  stir to blend . 	Beat in powdered sugar . 	Beat in egg_white and vanilla ,  adding a little water ,  if necessary ,  to make smooth ,  slightly soft frosting . 	Spoon over Chocolate Frosted Marshmallow Cookies cookies to cover marshmallows .
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees . 	Toss all of the ingredients together in a bowl . 	Spread on a baking sheet and bake 5 minutes ,  or until lightly browned ,  shaking the pan once or twice . 	Serve
Combine the ingredients for the charmoula . 	Place the fish_fillets in a large bowl or plastic bag and cover with the charmoula . 	Marinate refrigerated for 1 to 3 hours . 	Heat the oil in a large heavy pot and saute the potatoes ,  stirring occasionally ,  until lightly browned ,  10 to 15 minutes . 	Add the onion ,  garlic ,  and tomatoes and cook until the onion is tender ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add the spinach and stir to combine . 	Place the fish_fillets on top of the vegetables and pour the marinade over the fish . 	Cook tightly covered over medium-low heat until the fish is firm and opaque ,  15 to 20 minutes .
Heat oven to 400 degrees . 	Trim ends of zucchini and halve them lengthwise . 	Using a spoon ,  or melon baller scoop out flesh from each half ,  leaving 1/4-inch thick shell . 	Reserve zucchini boats and flesh . 	Boil potato until tender . 	When cool enough to handle ,  peel and mash potato in a potato ricer into a small bowl . 	Add reserved zucchini flesh ,  Parmesan ,  egg and nutmeg . 	Season to taste with salt_and_pepper . 	Mound potato mixture into each zucchini boat . 	Fill only as high as walls of zucchini ,  or a little above . 	Use a brush to smear pesto over each . 	Fit zucchini snugly into an oiled baking dish . 	Pour enough water to reach 1/4-inch up sides of zucchini ,  cover tightly with foil and bake 20 minutes . 	Remove foil and continue cooking 25 minutes more . 	Let cool to room temperature . 	Before serving ,  drizzle each zucchini boat with extra-virgin olive_oil . 	Serve 2 zucchini per person .
Preheat oven to 425F . 	and butter well twelve 1/3-cup muffin tins . 	In a large bowl whisk together cornmeal ,  flour ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda ,  and salt . 	Add sage and feta and toss well . 	In a small bowl whisk together milk ,  egg ,  and butter . 	Add egg mixture to dry ingredients ,  stirring until batter is just combined  ( do not overmix )  . 	Divide batter among prepared muffin tins . 	Bake muffins in middle of oven about 18 to 20 minutes ,  or until golden and springy to touch . 	Turn muffins out onto racks to cool .
In a small bowl ,  whisk together the vinegar with the peanut_butter until blended . 	Stir in remaining ingredients and serve  ( or refrigerate until needed )  .
Whisk the flours with the brown sugar ,  ( all dry ingredients )  :  wheat_germ ,  cinnamon ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda ,  salt in a medium bowl . 	In another  ( smaller )  bowl ,  whisk the eggs ,  then add in the oil ,  and vanilla_extract . 	Fold the wet into dry ingredients with a spatula . 	Stir in the carrots and pineapple just until evenly moist ;  the batter will be very thick . 	Divide the batter evenly among the lined baking cups . 	Bake at 350 degrees F .  for about 30 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean . 	Best served warm .
Flatten pork to 1/4 "  thickness ,  sprinkle with salt and pepper . 	In a large nonstick skillet coated with nonstick spray ,  saute pork in oil in batches until juices run clear . 	Remove and keep warm . 	In the same skillet ,  saute red_pepper and peaches until red_pepper is tender . 	Add the broth ,  jam ,  mustard and ginger . 	Cook and stir over medium heat 4 minutes . 	Return pork to the pan . 	Reduce heat ,  cover and simmer until heated through .
Mix ingredients . 	allow to settle for 15 minutes before using .
In a food processor puree the chick-peas with the garlic ,  the cumin ,  the salt ,  and pepper to taste until the mixture is smooth . 	Transfer the mixture to a bowl ,  stir in the scallion ,  3 tablespoons of the coriander ,  and the sesame_seeds ,  and form the mixture into four 1/2-inch-thick patties . 	Dredge the patties in the flour and freeze them on a wax paper-lined plate for 10 minutes . 	In a heavy skillet heat the oil over moderartely high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it saute the patties ,  turning them carefully with a spatula ,  for 3 minutes on each side ,  or until they are golden brown . 	 ( The patties will be very soft .  ) 	Transfer each patty to a pita pocket and insert a tomato slice in each pocket . 	In a small bowl stir together the yogurt ,  the remaining 1 tablespoon coriander ,  and salt and pepper to taste and divide the sauce among the sandwiches .
cook bacon either fry or microwave when cooked crumble into pieces . 	Make 4 hamburger patties season and cook untill thoroughly done . 	Place hamburgers in a baking dish top with cheese ,  bacon ,  and onions . 	Pour cup of beef_broth over patties . 	Bake at 350 for 10 min or untill cheese is melted and juice is warm . 	Serve with mashed potatoes ,  rice ,  or noodles .
Put potatoes in a medium pot with lid . 	Fill with water until half way up the potatoes . 	Add 1/2 tsp salt to the pot . 	Bring the water to a boil and cover the pot tightly with lid . 	Turn heat to medium low and steam for 13-15 minutes ,  until potatoes are soft . 	Carefully drain out the extra water from the pot ,  leaving the potatoes in . 	Put back on the stove ,  turn on the medium low heat to evaporate the rest of the water . 	Add about 1 Tbsp of butter to the pot and let it melt . 	Roll the potatoes in the butter then add a handful of chopped dill and a couple pinches of salt . 	Roll the potatoes around the pot for a minute or two ,  until they are evenly covered in butter and dill . 	Be careful not to burn . 	Serve hot !
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F . 	Place 1 piece of pre-made pie dough down into a  ( 9-inch )  pie pan and press down along the bottom and all sides . 	Pinch and crimp the edges together to make a pretty pattern . 	Put the pie shell back into the freezer for 1 hour to firm up . 	Fit a piece of aluminum foil to cover the inside of the shell completely . 	Fill the shell up to the edges with pie weights or dried beans  ( about 2 pounds )  and place it in the oven . 	Bake for 10 minutes ,  remove the foil and pie weights and bake for another 10 minutes or until the crust is dried out and beginning to color . 	 ( I dispensed with lining the pie tin with foil and weights . 	I pricked the bottom and sides lightly and baked for 10 minutes until the crust was begining to turn golden brown . 	I made a shield with foil for the edges of the crust and then filled and baked pie )  . 	For the filling ,  in a large mixing bowl ,  beat the cream_cheese with a hand mixer . 	Add the pumpkin and beat until combined . 	Add the sugar and salt ,  and beat until combined . 	Add the eggs mixed with the yolks ,  half-and-half ,  and melted butter ,  and beat until combined . 	Finally ,  add the vanilla ,  cinnamon ,  and ginger ,  if using ,  and beat until incorporated . 	Pour the filling into the warm prepared pie crust and bake for 50 minutes ,  or until the center is set . 	Place the pie on a wire rack and cool to room temperature . 	Cut into slices and top each piece with a generous amount of whipped_cream .
Cook rotini per pkg ,  adding broccoli in the last 4 minutes cooking time ;  Drain ,  rinse in cold water ,  drain again . 	In a bowl ,  combine the yogurt ,  wheat_germ ,  vinegar ,  mustard and pepper ;  mixing well . 	To this mixture ,  add the rotini/broccoli ,  chicken ,  tomato and onion ;  toss to coat well . 	Cover and chill 2 hours ;  toss again before serving . 	Variation :  Swap out the rotini for your favorite small pasta such as macaroni or penne rigati . 	NOTE :  prep time covers pasta cooking and veggie chopping ;  cook time covers assembly and chilling time .
Heat oil in a large cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat . 	Add onions and saute until browned in spots ,  3 to 5 minutes . 	Stir in sweet_potato and cook ,  stirring ,  until it starts to brown in spots ,  about 6 minutes . 	Add garlic ,  jalapeno ,  cumin and salt ;  saute until fragrant ,  about 30 seconds . 	Stir in water ,  or stock ,  and bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat to simmer ,  scraping up any browned bits ,  and cook until liquid is absorbed and sweet_potatoes are tender ,  about 15 minutes . 	Add corn and black_beans and cook until heated through . 	Stir in cilantro and season with salt and pepper . 	Serve with lime wedges .
SET a large heavy bottomed pot over medium heat . 	Add the olive oil ,  and then add the onion ,  apple ,  and a pinch of kosher_salt . 	Saute for about 5 minutes or until the onions are soft and translucent . 	POUR in the chicken stock ,  cider ,  thyme ,  and pepper and bring the mixture to a boil for one minute . 	Then ,  add the pumpkin and stir the ingredients together until smooth . 	Use an immersion blender to puree it until smooth . 	STIR in the cream and sugar until the sugar is completely dissolved . 	Simmer the soup for about ten minutes ,  or until heated through . 	Serve warm .
Stir together and serve .
Mix flour and sugar ,  then add lemon juice and melted butter . 	Beat in eggs one at a time . 	Pour into a crust and bake at 300F  ( 150C )  for about one hour ,  or until the mixture begins to set and turns golden brown . 	Add more lemon juice if you like the taste .
In a processor add bread and process into crumbs--will yield 1 cup ;  set aside . 	Add salmon and process until finely chopped . 	Add mustard ,  dill ,  salt ,  pepper and 2/3 cup crumbs and process until blended . 	Form into 8 small patties and dip into bread crumbs to coat . 	Heat butter in skillet ,  add cakes and cook over medium heat until browned on both sides ,  about 4 minutes/side . 	Serve garnished with red onion and tomato .
I toasted the bread and spread refried_beans ,  cheese on top and jalapenos	you can melt the cheese in oven or microwave	also you can use jalapenos from a can in strips	Enjoy  ?
Thaw out the spinach in hot water and squeeze dry using a towel . 	Finely chop the spinach ,  or better ,  put it in a blender or Magic Bullet or whatever you have with the eggs and salt . 	Blend well . 	Pour flour on the counter and make a large well in the center . 	Pour spinach/egg mixture in the well . 	Start mixing with your fingers bit by bit ,  until all flour is worked inches . 	After all flour is incorporated ,  knead NO SHORTER THAN 10 minutes to elastic and smooth . 	Use LOTS of flour if necessary to prevent dough from sticking . 	It should be dry but not crumbly in any way . 	Sort of vaguely moist . 	Cut dough in half ,  wrap one half in plastic wrap and set aside . 	Roll out dough to 1/16 "  thick ,  turning and stretching . 	It needs to be thin ,  because it doubles in thickness when cooked . 	Use a cookie cutter to cut fettucini ,  or use a 4 "  round cutter to make ravioli ,  or whatever you want . 	Separate and lay on racks to dry for one hour ,  or use fresh . 	If doing ravioli ,  mix up the stuff and put 1/2t filling in and press closed ,  then dry . 	You can freeze these too ,  put wire rack in freezer and freeze one hour ,  then put in a bag to finish freezing . 	 * They WILL stick together unless you do this *  . 	When you go to cook these ,  cook in LARGE pot FULL of super boiling water with a lid on for 3 minutes if fresh  ( until they rise to the surface )  or 7-8 minutes  ( they will rise )  if frozen . 	YUM ! 	Eat them ! 	Make great gifts !
Saute bacon in large pot until browned ;  add onion and cook until browned ,  about 4 minutes . 	Add water ,  molasses ,  brown_sugar ,  and mustard ;  bring to a boil . 	Drain beans and add to pot ;  return to boiling ,  reduce heat to a slow simmer . 	Cook 4 to 5 hours until beans are soft ,  adding water as necessary . 	Season with salt and pepper .
Cook sausage and onion together ;  simmer remaining ingredients ,  except corn and evaporated lowfat milk ,  and add in to sausage and onion mix . 	Add in corn and evaporated lowfat milk . 	Stir and simmer ,  till heated through .
Preheat the oven to 350 . 	Mix the apple_cider_vinegar into the soy milk with a whisk . 	Set aside to curdle for ~10 minutes . 	In a separate bowl ,  mix the oil ,  sugar ,  coffee ,  and vanilla together until combined . 	Add the soy milk mixture . 	Mix well . 	Add dry ingredients to the bowl and mix until smooth--no lumps . 	Pour batter into a lined or oiled cupcake tin  ( muffin tin ,  whatever tin you have )  . 	Bake for 20-25 minutes or until firm to the touch and an inserted knife comes out clean .
Split the bread loaf in half and soak it in a large bowl of cold water for 15 minutes . 	Wring out excess water over a colander and shred into pieces . 	Boil the livers or hearts for 8 minutes in salted water ,  then chop until no piece is larger than a coffee bean . 	In a skillet over medium-high heat ,  brown the ground beef in the oil ,  stirring occasionally and breaking up the meat ,  so no piece is larger than a pistachio . 	In your largest mixing bowl ,  combine the sourdough ,  livers ,  ground beef ,  celery ,  onion ,  parsley ,  eggs ,  raisins ,  Parmesan and nuts ,  tossing gently with your hands to combine . 	Whisk the rosemary ,  oregano ,  thyme ,  bay_leaves ,  poultry_seasoning ,  salt and pepper together in a bowl ,  scatter over the stuffing and toss again with your hands . 	Taste and adjust for salt . 	Refrigerate ,  covered ,  until ready to use as a stuffing or to bake separately as dressing .
Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F  ( 220 degrees C )  . 	In a 9x13 inch baking dish ,  toss tomatoes ,  mushrooms ,  garlic ,  and olive oil with salt_and_pepper to taste . 	Mix lightly with hands to coat all ingredients with oil ,  and spread the tomato-mushroom mixture to the edges of the dish ,  leaving the center free for the pork_chops . 	Combine 1 teaspoon salt ,  1/2 teaspoon black pepper ,  cumin ,  ground_coriander ,  oregano ,  marjoram ,  thyme ,  rosemary ,  sage ,  basil ,  garlic_powder ,  onion_powder ,  ground_paprika ,  sugar ,  and crushed red pepper in a bowl to make a spice rub . 	Sprinkle the pork_chops with the spice rub ,  working the rub well into both sides of the meat . 	Place pork_chops in the center of the baking dish ,  surrounded by the tomato and mushroom mixture . 	Roast in preheated oven until the pork is no longer pink in the center and mushrooms are tender ,  about 45 to 50 minutes . 	An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a chop should read 145 degrees F  ( 63 degrees C )  . 	Transfer pork_chops to a serving dish and top with roasted tomato-mushroom mixture and all pan juices to serve .
Melt the marshmallows and milk in a double boiler . 	Pour that mixture over the gelatin ,  stirring it until the gelatin is dissolved . 	Stir in the cream_cheese until it dissolves . 	Add the pineapple and cool the mixture . 	Add salad_dressing and whipped_cream and chill until firm .
Wash 10 half pint canning jars and rings in hot soapy water . 	Rinse and place jars in an oven set at the lowest temperature . 	Place 10 flat lids in a small pot and pour boiling water over them to cover . 	Set aside . 	Wearing gloves ,  remove stems from peppers . 	Remove seeds and membrane from sweet pepper and chop . 	Peel and chop onion . 	Peel garlic_cloves and cut in half . 	Combine all ingredients in a large pot and add enough water to cover . 	Bring to a boil over medium high heat ,  stirring occasionally . 	Reduce heat and simmer until peppers and onions are soft ,  15-20 minutes . 	Place mixture in a blender and blend until smooth ,  10-15 seconds . 	Remove jars from oven and fill each with sauce ,  leaving 1/4 inch headspace . 	Place a flat lid on each jar and tighten down with a ring . 	Process in a hot water canner for 10 minutes . 	Let stand 24 hours then check lids for a seal . 	If unsealed ,  store in refrigerator . 	Store sealed jars in a cool dark place .
Combine filling ingredients in medium microwave safe bowl . 	Microwave on high for 30 seconds or until melted and smooth . 	Set aside . 	Combine all cake ingredients and beat until smooth . 	Spoon into greased and floured 12 cup bundt pan . 	Drop spoonfuls of the filling over the batter ,  taking care to keep the filling away from the sides of the pan . 	Bake at 350 for 35 to 45 minutes or until done via toothpick test . 	Cool in pan for 10 minutes ,  invert onto wire rack and cool for about an hour . 	In medium bowl combine the glaze ingredients and beat with wire whisk until smooth . 	Add additional milk until desired drizzling consistency . 	Sprinkle with the crushed peppermint_candies . 	Store in refrigerator .
Heat a medium skillet over medium high heat . 	Add the chopped bacon and render until almost crisp . 	Add garlic and cook until fragrant . 	Add the spinach a little at a time . 	Toss with tongs until wilted . 	Add balsamic_vinegar . 	Season with salt and pepper
Cook pasta as directed on package . 	Meanwhile ,  combine all remaining ingredients in large bowl . 	Drain pasta . 	Add to cheese mixture ;  toss to coat .
Preheat oven to 350F Mix flour ,  cocoa_powder ,  cinnamon ,  baking_powder and salt in medium bowl . 	Set aside . 	Mix sugar ,  applesauce ,  eggs and vanilla in large bowl until well blended . 	Gradually stir in flour mixture until well mixed . 	Stir in chocolate chips . 	Spoon 1/4 cup batter into each of 15 paper-lined muffin cups . 	Bake 15 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out with fudgy crumbs . 	Cool in pans on wire rack 10 minutes . 	Remove from pans ;  cool completely on wire rack .
Put apples in an 8 or 9 inch square baking dish . 	Combine the rest of the ingredients in a separate bowl and mix . 	Spread crumble mixture over apples and bake for 35 minutes in a 375 degrees F degree oven . 	For an added treat top off with a little English custard .
Cooked and drain ground smoked_sausage . 	Cook mushrooms at 350 for 7 minutes . 	Allow to cool . 	Mix cooled sausage ,  cream_cheese ,  and Parmesan . 	Fill each mushroom with 1 teaspoon of filling . 	Bake at 350 for 7 minutes .
Generously grease and flour a 10-inch fluted tube pan ; set aside . 	In a large mixing bowl combine the flours ,  sugars ,  cinnamon ,  baking pwdr ,  salt and baking_soda . 	Add in oil ,  vanilla and the Large eggs ,  beat till well mixed . 	Stir in the minced apples and walnuts . 	Spoon batter proportionately into prepared pan . 	Bake in a 350 F oven for 45-50 min ,  or possibly till cake tests done . 	Cold in pan 12 min ;  invert cake onto a wire rack . 	Cold thoroughly . 	Drizzle top with powdered sugar glaze ,  or possibly dollops servings with sweetened whipped cream	Powdered Sugar Glaze :  In a small mixing bowl ,  stir together powdered sugar ,  vanilla and sufficient lowfat milk to make of drizzling consistency . 	Drizzle over cooled cake .
Cream shortening ,  sugar ,  and eggs together in bowl . 	Add molasses and stir . 	Add cinnamon ,  cloves ,  ginger  &  flour and stir . 	Add milk  ( with baking_soda in it )  and mix well . 	Drop spoonfuls onto baking sheet . 	Cook for 12 - 15 minutes in 350 degree oven .
Peel papaya and wash .  Scrape the flesh and set aside . 	Can also use papaya and carrots together . 	Mix liquid together  ( lime juice and fish_sauce )  and add sugar . 	Use a big mortar and pestel ,  pound the papaya flesh for about 10secs . 	Add the remaining dry ingredients except for the crushed peanuts and pound for further 10secs . 	Add the juice and mix well ,  garnish with crushed peanut on top . 	Adjust the sweetness and sourness to your liking . 	Enjoy !
Cook lamb and onion over medium-high heat until meat is browned and onion is soft . 	Drain fat . 	Stir in spices ,  seasonings ,  potatoes and water . 	Cover and simmer until potatoes are soft ,  about 30 minutes . 	Stir occasionally to break up potato . 	Add peas and tomato and simmer for another 5 minutes . 	Serve 1 cup of lamb mixture over 1/2 cup rice .
Heat oil in wok or large skillet ,  add ginger and saute for 30 seconds . 	Add prawns and stir fry just until prawns turn bright pink  ( do not overcook )  . 	Add soy sauce and green_onions and stir fry just until heated through . 	Portion onto plates and sprinkle with toasted sesame_seeds .
Combine the first 4 ingredients in a large bowl . 	Add vinaigrette ,  and toss gently to coat .
Cream sugar ,  margarine and eggs together . 	Add 13 of flour and mix . 	Stir in 1/2 banana mixture . 	Stir in half of remaining flour and then remaining banana . 	Mix in remaining flour . 	Pour into lined loaf tin and bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour at gas 5 . 	Remove from tin and allow to cool before serving .
Heat oven to 350F Spray 3  ( 8-inch )  round cake pans with cooking spray . 	In large bowl ,  beat cake mix ,  water ,  oil and eggs with electric mixer on low speed 30 seconds ,  then on medium speed 2 minutes ,  scraping bowl occasionally . 	Divide batter evenly among 6 small bowls ,  about 1 1/3 cups each . 	Using food colors ,  tint batter in 1 bowl blue ,  1 bowl red ,  1 bowl green ,  1 bowl yellow ,  1 bowl orange  ( using red and yellow )  and 1 bowl purple  ( using blue and red )  . 	Refrigerate 3 colors of batter until ready to bake . 	Pour remaining 3 colors of batter into cake pans . 	Bake 18 to 20 minutes or until cake springs back when touched lightly in center and begins to pull away from side of pan . 	Cool 10 minutes . 	Remove from pans to cooling racks ;  cool completely . 	Wash cake pans . 	Bake and cool remaining 3 cake layers as directed . 	In large bowl ,  beat shortening and butter with electric mixer on medium speed until light yellow . 	On low speed ,  gradually beat in powdered_sugar . 	Beat in vanilla . 	Add milk ,  1 tablespoon at a time ,  beating until frosting is smooth . 	Beat on high speed until light and fluffy . 	Trim rounded tops off cakes to level ,  if needed . 	On serving plate ,  place purple cake layer . 	Spread with frosting to within 1/4 inch of edge . 	Repeat with blue ,  green ,  yellow ,  orange and red cake layers . 	Spread light coat of frosting on top and side of cake to seal in crumbs ,  then frost with remaining frosting .
In a mixing bowl cream butter and sugar . 	Add egg and vanilla and beat 2 minutes . 	Add in the flour and mix well . 	Cover the dough and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes . 	Roll the pastry dough and cut into rounds 2 inches in diameter . 	For the filling ,  mix the 2 tablespoon water and sugar in a heavy bottomed pan . 	Cook over low heat until the sugar dissolves and turns golden brown . 	Remove from heat . 	Add coconut and mix well . 	Then add in the almond_essence ,  raisins ,  cashew nut ,  and dates and combine thoroughly . 	Scope a heaping teaspoonful of the filling and put it in the center of each round . 	Arrange the pockets with the filling showing  ( you can pinch in the sides but leave the top open see photo )  . 	Place on a greased baking tray and bake 25 minutes in a preheated 200C oven . 	You are cooking until they are golden brown . 	Serve and enjoy .
In a small bowl ,  combine all the ingredients and mix well . 	Transfer to a tightly sealed jar and store in the refrigerator for up to 3 weeks .
Place pollock_fillets in shallow heatproof dish or possibly pie dish . 	Combine wine ,  soy sauce ,  oil ,  gingerroot ,  garlic and cornstarch ;  spoon over fillets . 	Place vegetable steamer in large skillet or possibly wok ;  add in water to depth of 1 inch . 	Bring water to boil . 	Top pollock with green onion ;  place dish of fillets on rack . 	Cover skillet and return water to boil . 	Steam fillets allowing about 10 min cooking time per inch of thickness of fish measured at its thickest part or possibly till fish flakes easily when tested with a fork . 	Garnish with sesame seeds . 	Serve with lemon_wedges . 	This recipe yields 4 servings .
Pre heat oven to 350 degrees . 	Rinse chicken_thighs and place in an 8x8 glass dish or a casserole dish that is at least 2 "  deep . 	Sprinkle with black pepper and seasoned salt on both sides to taste . 	Add chicken_stock . 	Cover and place in oven and cook for 1hr  &  15 minutes . 	Remove from oven and drain juices from chicken . 	Pour sweet  &  sour sauce over the chicken and cover again and cook for another 15 minutes to warm the sauce . 	Serve with rice to put the delicious sauce over .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	Spray an 7x11-inch baking dish with cooking spray . 	Whisk together the whole_wheat_flour ,  white flour ,  baking_powder ,  and salt in a bowl . 	Cream together the butter and 3/4 cup of sugar in a large bowl ;  mix in eggs ,  one at a time ,  beating well after each addition . 	Stir the flour mixture into the wet ingredients in two additions ,  mixing gently between each addition until the batter is just combined . 	Pour the batter into the prepared baking dish ,  and arrange the sliced plums over the batter . 	Sprinkle the fruit with 1 tablespoon sugar ,  and dust with cinnamon . 	Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean ,  50 to 55 minutes .
In a large bowl sprinkle yeast over water and let stand until foamy ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add milk ,  honey and peanut butter and stir until peanut butter is incorporated . 	Add salt ,  whole-wheat flour ,  and peanuts and stir until combined well . 	Gradually stir in 4 cups all-purpose flour ,  stirring until mixture forms a dough . 	Knead dough on a floured surface ,  incorporating as much of remaining cup all-purpose flour as necessary to prevent dough from sticking ,  until smooth and elastic ,  8 to 10 minutes . 	Transfer dough to an oiled deep bowl and turn to coat with oil . 	Let dough rise ,  covered with plastic wrap ,  in a warm place until doubled in bulk ,  about 1 1/2 hours . 	Punch down dough and turn out onto a floured surface . 	Knead dough 4 times . 	Divide dough in half and form into loaves . 	Put each loaf in a lightly oiled loaf pan ,  about 9 by 5 by 2 inches . 	Let loaves rise ,  covered loosely with plastic wrap ,  in a warm place until doubled in bulk ,  about 1 hour . 	Preheat oven to 350F . 	Bake loaves in middle of oven 45 to 55 minutes ,  or until browned and sound hollow when tapped . 	Cool loaves in pans on racks 30 minutes . 	Invert loaves onto racks and cool completely .
Beat eggs . 	Mix in heavy_cream and seasonings . 	Add cheese and meat . 	 * ForMuffins :  It's best to use Texas Sized muffin tins . 	Grease liberally with cooking spray and fill only 1/2-3/4 full . 	They will rise quite a bit ,  but settle as they cool . 	Bake at 375F degrees ;  start with 20 minutes though the original poster has had to cook up to 35 minutes . 	They get darker as they cook . 	This is NORMAL . 	 * ForQuiche :  pour mixture into greased pie plate and bake at 375 degrees for approxamately 20-25 minutes . 	To check doneness ,  insert a knife into quiche-it should come out clean . 	Allow to set for a few minutes before serving . 	Apparently these freeze great so you can quadruple the recipe .
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F . 	For the dough : 	Put the butter ,  sugar ,  flour ,  egg_yolk and salt in a food processor and pulse for 30 to 60 seconds or until the mixture has a grainy consistency ,  or what I like to call the  " Parmesan cheese "  stage . 	Add half of the water and pulse the food processor 2 to 3 times . 	The dough should start to come together ,  add the remaining water if needed . 	Check the consistency of the dough by clenching a small handful in your fist . 	If the dough stays together it is the proper consistency . 	If not ,  pulse the dough with a little more water . 	When the dough has reached the proper consistency ,  dump it out on a clean work surface . 	Using the heel of your hand ,  schmear the dough straight forward and roll it back with your fingertips . 	Repeat this process 1 to 2 more times ,  dust with flour if needed . 	Form the dough into a disk ,  wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes . 	On a lightly floured work surface ,  roll the dough out to 1/8 to 1/4-inch in thickness . 	Lay the dough in the tart pan . 	Push the dough into the sides of the tart pan by rolling a small scrap of dough into a ball and pushing it into the dough . 	Roll over the top edge of the tart pan with the rolling pin to cut the extra dough from the pan and create a crisp edge . 	Cover the dough with aluminum foil and gently poke the foil into the side edges to fit the pan . 	This will help to keep the sides of the tart tall and straight as it cooks . 	Fill the tart shell with the dried_beans and place in the preheated oven . 	Bake for 10 to 12 minutes ,  remove the foil and beans and bake for 2 to 3 minutes more . 	Remove the tart shell from the oven and cool . 	The dough should be golden and crisp . 	Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F . 	In a bowl ,  combine the lemon_juice ,  zest ,  sugar ,  eggs and salt and whisk to a homogeneous consistency . 	Place in saucepan and bring to a medium heat . 	Cook ,  whisking ,  constantly until the mixture has thickened ,  about 12 to 15 minutes . 	Remove from heat and whisk in the butter ,  2 pats at a time until it's incorporated and has a silky consistency . 	Pour the lemon curd into the prepared tart shell and bake in the preheated oven until the lemon curd has set ,  about 15 minutes . 	Let cool completely before cutting . 	To garnish :  In a small bowl ,  mix together blueberries ,  sugar and lemon_juice . 	Serve alongside tart slices .
Preheat oven to 350 F .  Mix cake mix ,  extract ,  eggs ,  gelatin ,  oil and buttermilk in a large bowl . 	Pour into a non-stick sprayed ,  deep 8x8-inch pan . 	Bake for 45 minutes or until a knife inserted in the middle comes out clean . 	Right before the cake is done ,  mix the confectioners sugar and the zest and juice of an orange together in a medium bowl to make the frosting . 	When the cake has finished baking ,  remove it from the oven . 	While it is still hot ,  poke a bunch of holes in the cake with a fork tine . 	Pour the frosting over the top of the cake and let it seep through . 	Cut into 9 big squares and enjoy !
Add 1 tablespoon oil into large saucepan . 	Saute the onion and green pepper until tender . 	Over low heat in a medium saucepan ,  add butter and flour . 	Stir together . 	Slowly add half and half while whisking ,  about 2 minutes . 	Add ketchup ,  mustard and bread crumbs . 	Mix to combine . 	Allow to simmer for a few minutes . 	Add crabmeat and lemon juice . 	Season with salt and pepper ,  to taste .
Sprinkle both sides of pork chops with salt . 	Place them in an ungreased shallow baking pan . 	Top each pork chop with onion slice , lemon slice , 1 tbsp brown_sugar and 1 tbsp ketcup . 	Cover and bake at 350 for 30 minutes . 	Uncover and bake , spooning sauce onto pork chops occasionally until done about 30 minutes longer .
Place strawberries in a clean ,  dry sealable container ;  add vodka . 	Seal container and store in a cool ,  dark area until strawberries lose their color ,  3 to 4 days . 	Remove strawberries and strain vodka into a container .
In a good-sized skillet heat about a half-c .  water over medium heat till it begins steaming . 	Carefully cut small slices from the dry habanero and chop those finely to accumulate about 1/2 tsp or possibly so of flakes ,  adjusting to your taste and heat tolerance . 	 ( You might want to wear rubber gloves when touching the pepper ;  at least be careful and do not touch your eyes till your hands have been thoroughly washed .  ) 	Add in the pepper flakes with the salt and butter to the water and allow the flakes to soften and the butter to heat . 	Add in the brown sugar  ( stir to dissolve )  and raisins . 	When the water is simmering ,  add in the apricot_preserves . 	Cut up any large pcs of apricot in the pan ,  and make sure all the gelatinous matter is dissolved . 	Add in the vinegar a little at a time ,  being careful not to make the mix at all sour ;  the vinegar should just brighten up the taste . 	Allow the glaze to simmer . 	As it thickens ,  water can be added a bit at a time to keep the glaze from scorching ;  it should be allowed to darken a bit . 	Coat grilled chops or possibly meat slices with the glaze by simmering the meats with the glaze for a couple min on each side . 	Spread a tsp . 	or possibly so on each serving plate and arrange meats on top . 	Little mint sprigs and curls of orange peel could be used to give a truly foofy appearance ,  if desired which kinda thing .
Shape meat into six patties and place in a shallow dish . 	In a bowl ,  whisk together the oil ,  soy_sauce ,  ketchup ,  vinegar ,  garlic and pepper . 	Set aside 1/4 cup for basting and refrigerate . 	Pour remaining marinade over the patties . 	Cover and refrigerate for at least 3 hours . 	Grill burgers ,  uncovered ,  over medium heat for 5-6 minutes on each side until meat juices run clear ,  basting with reserved marinade . 	Serve on hamburger_buns with lettuce leaves and tomato slices if desired .
Put in a 9 x 13 inch pan potatoes ,  hamburger and vegetables . 	Mix cream soups and lowfat milk ;  pour over top . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 1 to 1 1/2 hrs . 	Cover for 1/2 time ,  uncovered for last 1/2 . 	Sprinkle with shredded cheese last 15 min .
ALWAYS USE FRESH JALAPENOS . 	Slice jalapenos and put some of them in a food processor . 	Add 3-4 tomatoes with a little bit of juice to start with ,  then add some onions ,  then garlic . 	 ( you need to start with a little so that you can add ingredients as needed ) 	Pulse ingredients in processor  ( try not to puree ,  it needs to stay chunky )  . 	Open lid and add lemon_pepper ,  salt ,  key_lime juice and cilantro  ( just a couple of sprigs to start )  . 	Pulse again until blended . 	Open lid and taste . 	Adjust ingredients accordingly . 	Sometimes I need to add more jalapenos or onion or garlic or salt -- etc . 	The trick to making good salsa is by tasting it not how many tsps or tablespoons Sometimes you need 2 jalapenos ,  sometimes you need 4 . 	Sometimes you need more onion and less garlic or less onion and more garlic . 	Everyone has different taste so adjust your according your liking . 	That's what its all about . 	IMPORTANT :  Be sure you use key_limes and not regular limes . 	Key limes have a different and better taste ! 	Key limes also go good with beer -- YUM !
Heat oven to 350 degrees . 	Cut each slice of pita_bread into 6-8 triangles ,  depending on how big a piece you have . 	I usually got 6 triangles from 1 round . 	Place triangles on cookie sheet . 	Brush with olive_oil . 	Sprinkle with salt and fresh cracked_pepper to taste . 	Slip into oven for about 10 minutes or until golden brown and crispy ,  but not burned ! 	I always have to watch them closely . 	I have burned many trays myself by becoming distracted . 	Put on plate/rack to cool . 	Repeat with remaining triangles till you have no more ! 	When cool put in serving bowl or however you are gonna serve them . 	Enjoy !
In a large heavy pot ,  heat the oil over medium high heat until hot . 	Brown the sausage ,  turning once ,  until golden ,  about 5 minutes . 	Transfer the sausage to a plate . 	Add the onion and garlic to the pot and cook ,  stirring until golden ,  about 6 minutes . 	Add the sausage back to the pot and stir in the stock ,  potatoes ,  and collards . 	Boil the soup until the potatoes are falling apart and the collards are tender ,  about 40 minutes . 	Season with salt and pepper to taste and serve .
Add water to apricots ;  cover . 	Let stand at least 4 hours or up to 24 hours . 	Bring boiling-water canner ,  half full with water ,  to simmer . 	Wash jars and screw bands in hot soapy water ;  rinse with warm water . 	Pour boiling water over flat lids in saucepan off the heat . 	Let stand in hot water until ready to use . 	Drain well before filling . 	Drain apricots ,  reserving liquid . 	Grind or finely chop apricots ;  mix with reserved liquid . 	Stir in pineapple with syrup . 	Measure exactly 5 cups fruit mixture into 6- or 8-qt . 	saucepot . 	Stir in pectin . 	Add butter to reduce foaming . 	Bring to full rolling boil  ( a boil that doesn't stop bubbling when stirred )  on high heat ,  stirring constantly . 	Stir in sugar . 	Return to full rolling boil and boil exactly 1 min .  ,  stirring constantly . 	Remove from heat . 	Skim off any foam with metal spoon . 	Ladle immediately into prepared jars ,  filling to within 1/4 inch of tops . 	Wipe jar rims and threads . 	Cover with two-piece lids . 	Screw bands tightly . 	Place jars on elevated rack in canner . 	Lower rack into canner . 	 ( Water must cover jars by 1 to 2 inches . 	Add boiling water ,  if necessary .  ) 	Cover ;  bring water to gentle boil . 	Process 10 min . 	Remove jars and place upright on towel to cool completely . 	After jars cool ,  check seals by pressing middles of lids with finger . 	 ( If lids spring back ,  lids are not sealed and refrigeration is necessary .  )
Remove tail ends of bacon rashers ,  roll up and secure with a toothpick . 	Place in the fridge until needed . 	Dice remaining bacon . 	Preheat oven to 200C Place stock in a pan over medium-high heat and bring to the boil . 	Reduce heat to low and simmer . 	Heat oil in a pan over medium heat . 	Stir leek and diced bacon for 2-3 minutes ,  until leek is soft and bacon starts to colour . 	Add garlic and rice ,  and stir for 2 minutes . 	Add wine and stir until absorbed . 	Add stock a ladleful at a time ,  stirring until absorbed between additions ,  until rice is al dente  ( this should take about 15 minutes )  . 	Meanwhile ,  place tomatoes and bacon curls on a baking tray ,  drizzle with oil and season tomatoes . 	Roast for 10 minutes or until tomatoes are just soft and bacon is crisp . 	Set a few tomatoes aside . 	Remove stalks from remaining tomatoes and stir into risotto with grated parmesan and parsley ,  then season . 	Serve risotto topped with butter and garnish with tomatoes ,  bacon curls and shaved parmesan .
In a large pot ,  parboil potatoes and carrots while whole for about 10 minutes . 	Drain and cut into large cubes . 	In same pot ,  heat up oil along with garlic . 	When hot ,  add onions ,  dill ,  peppers ,  apples and mustard . 	Saute ,  stirring frequently ,  until all has softed but not mushy . 	Add cabbages and cook just until the cabbage is wilted . 	Now add the rest of the ingredients . 	 ( It should be fairly wet  ,  and if not ,  add another 1/4 cup of broth . 	Remember that the veggies will continue to give off more liquid )  Stir and simmer uncovered about ten minutes . 	Remove bay leaves . 	Place into casserole dish ,  cover and bake 50-60 minutes . 	 *  *  You can use any type os sausage you like .
Prepare rice according to package directions . 	In medium skillet ,  heat oil . 	Brown onions  &  garlic then transfer to large saucepan . 	Brown chicken in skillet  ( will not be cooked through )  and transfer to saucepan . 	Add to saucepan all other ingredients except rice  &  corn starch . 	Bring to boil then reduce and simmer 30 minutes . 	Add corn starch a little at a time  &  stir until thickened to desired consistency . 	Spoon over bed of rice  &  serve !
In a large saucepan ,  bring 4 cups water to a boil and remove from heat . 	If using hibiscus ,  add it now and steep for 5 minutes . 	Remove hibiscus . 	Add lavender and sweetener ,  stir well . 	let steep for an hour . 	At first the liquid will be greenish ,  but after the hour has passed it should be slightly purple . 	Strain liquid into an appropriately sized pitcher to remove all solids . 	Add lemon_juice ;  stir well . 	Color changing Kool-Aid has nothing on thiswhen you add the lemon_juice the lavender water changes from dull purple to vivid pink ! 	Add the remaining 4 cups of water  ( or club soda )  and some ice  ( or chill if you don't want to dilute )  . 	Serve chilled with lemon garnish .
Stir all ingredients together in a medium sauce pan and bring to a boil over medium high heat . 	Reduce heat to medium and cook for another 15 minutes until thickened . 	Let cool and refrigerate . 	A million uses :  . 	Spoon over ice cream ,  pancakes or waffles and add a dollop of whipped cream . 	Drizzle over cheesecake or angle food cake . 	How about a trifle with layers of pound cake and whipped cream . 	Make a smoothie . 	Of course -- strawberry shortcake .
Stir fry carrots in a little oil to crisp tender . 	Remove from pan ,  cook hamburger ,  salt_and_pepper . 	Add carrots and one-half head cabbage . 	Slice on top of hamburger . 	Cook the packages of ramen noodles while hamburger is cooking . 	Pour undrained noodles on cabbage . 	Sprinkle noodle seasoning package on top . 	Stir . 	Cover and cook till cabbage is tender crisp . 	Season with soy_sauce and enjoy .
Bring water to boil in large saucepan . 	Stir in remaining ingredients . 	Return to boil ;  cover . 	Simmer on low heat 25 to 30 min . 	or until liquid is absorbed ,  stirring occasionally .
First ,  cook your rice and Lentils . 	Both in different pots ,  of course . 	If your rice turned out to be more on the sticky side ,  give it a rinse . 	Cook the lentils until they start splitting ,  but a slight crunch to them still  ( unless you cant stand al dente  )  . 	When cooking lentils ,  add water often ,  because the water disappear very quickly . 	Once cooked ,  give them a quick rinse . 	I have never tried to use canned lentils for this ,  but Im sure they would work just fine . 	Mix the rice and lentil and parsley together . 	Set aside . 	In a bowl ,  mix the garlic ,  oil ,  lemon juice ,  oregano and soy_sauce . 	Mix well . 	Pour into rice/lentils . 	Give it a taste and decide if you want more soy_sauce ,  more lemon juice ,  or more oil ! 	This is so to the taste ! 	 ! 	You might just want to double the vinaigrette recipe . 	I always have to adjust the seasoning on this one . 	This is delicious served with a spinach salad ,  or a tomato salad . 	Add chicken if you have any .
Start 20 pounds of charcoal on fire . 	Line ground with foil to extend 10 "  beyond the diameter of the trash can . 	Place the turkey on the stake so it is hanging 2 "  off the ground  ( legs pointing down )  . 	Rub seasonings into skin as desired . 	Place trash can upside down over turkey . 	Shovel burning charcoal around the outside of the can and also enough to make one layer on top of inverted can . 	Keep adding charcoal so can stays hot . 	Check turkey after 2 1/2 hours . 	Additional cooking may be required depending on the size and wind . 	HINT :  To capture the juices ,  place a bundt pan under the turkey slide down the stake before putting the turkey on the stake . 	Instead of the wooden stake you can also use a steel rod that has had a cross piece welded to the top . 	It should look like a long legged T .
Place all the ingredients in a baking dish uncovered at 350about 40 minutes .
Crush rosemary and pepper flakes in mortar and pedestal . 	Whisk together all marinade ingredients . 	Pour over fish and marinate at room temperature for 30 minutes or in the refrigerator for 2 hours ,  turning occasionally . 	Cook on the grill about 5 minutes on each side until done . 	Fish will flake easily with a fork when done . 	Or ,  broil 4 inches from the heat for 5 minutes ,  turn for 3-7 more minutes or until done . 	Discard any remaining marinade .
Put the apples ,  sugar ,  cinnamon ,  nutmeg and water in a saucepan	Cover and cook over a medium heat until the apples are soft and the sauce is thickened ,  around 10 minutes . 	Set aside	If you want a thicker sauce ,  bring the apple mixture to boil and stir the cornstarch mixture in	Heat some oil to shallow fry the tortillas	Fold the tortillas in half and fry on one side until golden then flip and fry the other side . 	Repeat with each tortilla	Mix the cinnamon and sugar together . 	Sprinkle the cinnamon sugar over the outsides of the tortillas	Spoon some apple mixture inside each taco and top with whipped cream or ice cream . 	I have dairy/soy free recipes for both linked below
in a mixing bowl ,  combine soy_sauce ,  maple syrup ,  orange juice ,  lime_juice ,  garlic and ginger ;  mix well . 	Place salmon filets in a casserole dish that is large enough for the filets ,  skin side down . 	Pour the marinating mixture over the salmon and coat well . 	Turn salmon_fillets with the flesh side down ,  cover with plastic wrap and let marinate in refrigerator from 1 to 3 hours or overnight . 	To speed up the marinate time ,  prick holes in the salmon with a fork and marinate for 1 hour . 	Preheat oven to 400F . 	Heat butter and oil in a frying pan on medium-high heat . 	Place marinated filets flesh side down into the hot pan and sear for 2 minutes or until lightly browned on the flesh side . 	Using an oven proof casserole dish ,  transfer the salmon and place into the dish ,  skin side down . 	Pour the pan juices and the marinade over the salmon . 	Sprinkle salmon with dried_dill_weed . 	Bake in preheated 400 F oven  ( uncovered )  for 5 to 7 minutes or until fish flakes easily with a fork . 	The salmon should be firm ,  but not dry ;  do not overcook . 	Serve with Apple Chutney spooned over the top if desired or use any favorite sauce of your choice . 	For those who find sweetness overtakes the flavor of salmon ,  I suggest that you reduce the Maple Syrup to 1/4 cup . 	This recipe can be doubled without any problems .
Use unsalted ingredients when possible ,  otherwise ,  rinse well to get rid of excess salt . 	Put edamame in microwave-safe covered dish  ( I use pyrex glass 2 QT dish )  ,  add a few tablespoons of water ,  cook for 4 mins or as per directions . 	Cut up red_pepper into small cubes ,  set aside . 	Pour cooked edamame and can of corn into colander ,  rinse with cold water to chill ,  shake off excess water ,  and pour into serving dish  ( I use same glass dish )  . 	Empty cans of beans into colander ,  rinse well with cold water until it runs clear and shake off excess water . 	Pour beans into dish with edamame and corn . 	Add cut red_pepper to dish . 	Add fresh_dill to taste  ( I cut up with scissors )  . 	Add lime_juice and Italian_dressing ,  reduce dressing to cut back on salt ,  fat . 	Season to taste with ground_pepper . 	Optional :  Add a chopped avocado for a richer-tasting dish . 	Serve immediately or even better ,  chill before serving .
Break angel food or pound cake into bite size pieces . 	Put into a 9x13 inch pan  ( preferably glass )  . 	Dissolve 1 package of flavored gelatin in 1 cup of water and pour over cake pieces ,  spreading to the edges of pan . 	Drain the peaches and pour the juice over the gelatin in the pan . 	Slice bananas on top of gelatin . 	Arrange peach slices on top of banana slices . 	If desired ,  add crushed_pineapple . 	Prepare instant pudding according to instructions on box and spread evenly over fruit . 	Spread whipped topping on top of the pudding . 	Try to keep the layers separate . 	Refrigerate at least 2 hours before serving .
Fine dice the kimchi then mix with mayonnaise then chilled it	Cut up some cucumber  , tomato and jalepeno then drizzle the kimchi mayonnaise dressing and serve immediately
Combine berries ,  sugar and juice in medium bowl . 	Refrigerate 30 min . 	Meanwhile ,  beat pudding mix and milk in large bowl with whisk 2 min . 	Stir in COOL WHIP . 	Layer berry mixture and pudding in 4 parfait glasses . 	Top with chocolate curls .
Line a sheet tray with a wire cooling rack . 	Slice chicken into 2-inch pieces . 	In a large bowl ,  whisk together eggs ,  cayenne ,  salt and black pepper to taste . 	In a paper bag ,  shake together salt ,  pepper ,  flour and cornstarch . 	Dip the chicken in batches ,  first in egg mixture ,  then in the flour mixture and shake to coat . 	Set on a wire rack and let sit 10 minutes . 	While chicken is resting ,  prepare sauce . 	In a large straight sided saute pan combine orange zest ,  orange juice ,  brown sugar ,  butter ,  hot pepper flakes and Worcestershire sauce . 	Stir ,  bring to a boil ,  then reduce heat and simmer until thickened ,  5 to 8 minutes . 	Carefully place chicken in hot oil and fry until golden and crispy ,  5 to 8 minutes . 	Transfer to the saute pan with the sauce and toss until evenly coated . 	Remove to a serving platter and serve on Stormy Rice . 	In a medium saucepan ,  heat oil over medium-high heat . 	Add garlic and rice and saute 4 minutes ,  stirring ,  so that the rice toasts and the garlic cooks . 	Add the chicken broth to the rice mixture ,  bring to a boil ,  then reduce heat to a simmer . 	Cover and cook for 15 minutes . 	Remove from heat and let sit covered another 5 minutes . 	Stir in the peanuts ,  scallions ,  and salt and pepper ,  to taste . 	Rice can be made 1 day ahead ,  then warmed and combined with other ingredients before serving .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F .  Grease a mini muffin tin well with coconut_oil or greasing method of your choice . 	In a food processor ,  combine all the dry ingredients for the muffins :  almond_meal ,  ground espresso_beans ,  baking_soda ,  nutmeg ,  and salt . 	Pulse to combine . 	Add in the wet ingredients for the muffins :  egg ,  coconut_oil ,  maple_syrup ,  and vanilla . 	Mix on high until everything is nice and smooth . 	Fill greased muffin tins 3/4 of the way full . 	You should have just enough to make 12 ,  if you really scrape the bowl clean . 	Bake for 8-9 minutes until a toothpick comes out clean . 	Do not over bake ! 	Allow muffins to cool . 	Make the ganache . 	In a microwave safe bowl ,  combine the coconut_milk and chocolate ,  microwave for 30 seconds ,  stir ,  microwave for 15 more seconds if it is not melted . 	Be careful not to burn it . 	Top muffins with desired amount of ganache . 	Enjoy !
Preheat oven to 450F  ( 230C )   ( 230 degrees C )  . 	Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil . 	Stir the olive_oil ,  balsamic_vinegar ,  salt ,  and garlic together in a bowl . 	Add the cauliflower and toss to coat ;  spread the mixture onto the lined baking sheet . 	Stirring occasionally ,  bake in the preheated oven until tender ,  about 20 minutes .
Place all ingredient in a food processor and process until thoroughly combined but still chunky Place the mixture in a piping bag . 	Spread a sheet of large plastic wrap out on a moistened table and pipe out a large bead of the sausage filling . 	Leave several inches of plastic wrap empty on either side of the sausage . 	Roll up the plastic wrap carefully , try to avoid forming air bubbles inside the plastic . 	Grasp both ends of the plastic wrap and twirl the works repeatedly until the plastic tightens around the sausage . 	If any air pockets form prick them with a pin . 	Tie off both ends of the plastic then tie off the sausage at regular intervals forming links . 	Poach the plastic wrapped links in simmering water for 5-7 minutes , depending on thickness then immersing them in ice cold water . 	cut off plastic wrap and squeeze out sausage reheat them by browning them in a bit of butter .
Pour whole box of pasta into a large skillet  ( approximately 12 inches in diameter )  . 	Pour 3 cups of cold water into the pan ,  ensuring that the water covers the pasta . 	Turn the burner to high ,  then set your timer for 10 minutes  ( optional :  add a bit of salt to taste )  . 	Cook on high ,  stirring occasionally ,  until almost all of the liquid has evaporated . 	Add the pesto and stir to combine . 	Remove the skillet from the heat and top with cheese .
In a pan gently soften chopped leek ,  banana shallots ,  thyme ,  garlic and rosemary . 	Once softened ,  add curry powder ,  and cook for 5 minutes . 	Add white_wine and two-thirds of the peat-smoked_haddock and reduce liquor by half . 	Add chicken_stock and reduce by quarter ,  add double_cream and cook for 10 minutes . 	When cooked ,  blitz with hand blender  ( or food processor )  and pass through sieve . 	Warm soup ,  adjust flavour with butter ,  salt and pepper and truffle oil then blitz with hand blender to achieve cappuccino effect ,  pour round cutter and serve .
Pound the cheese to a thick cream . 	Add drop by drop as much whisky as it will 'drink' to make a firm cream . 	Pack into small earthenware pots or ramekins and chill in the fridge for 3 to 4 hours . 	Serve the pate with hot buttered toast ,  water crackers ,  or oatcakes ,  and seasonal fresh fruits or vegetables . 	Also a great appetizer filling ,  and a delicious topping for steak !
Wrap the thyme ,  bay_leaf ,  peppercorns and crushed pepper in a piece of cheesecloth and secure with kitchen string . 	In a medium saucepan ,  melt the butter . 	Add the onions ,  garlic ,  potato ,  wine and the herb bundle and bring to a simmer over moderately high heat . 	Reduce the heat to low ,  cover and cook until the onions are very soft ,  about 2 1/2 hours . 	Drain the vegetables ,  reserving the cooking liquid ;  discard the herb bundle . 	Transfer the vegetables to a food processor and puree with 2 tablespoons of the cooking liquid and the vinegar . 	Pass the puree through a sieve ,  then transfer to a bowl ,  season with salt and ground black pepper and serve warm .
Melt 1/4 cup  ( 4 Tbsp .  ) 	of the butter ;  place in medium bowl . 	Add wafer crumbs and sugar ;  mix well . 	Remove 2 Tbsp . 	of the crumb mixture ;  set aside for later use . 	Press remaining crumb mixture firmly onto bottom and up side of 9-inch pie plate ;  set aside . 	Microwave chocolate and remaining 2 Tbsp . 	butter in microwaveable bowl on HIGH 1 min . 	or until butter is melted ;  stir until chocolate is completely melted . 	Drizzle evenly onto bottom of crust ;  top with bananas . 	Set aside . 	Prepare dry pudding mix with 1-3/4 cups cold milk as directed on package for pie ;  pour evenly over bananas . 	Refrigerate at least 4 hours or up to 24 hours . 	Top with whipped topping just before serving ;  sprinkle with reserved 2 Tbsp . 	crumb mixture . 	Store leftover pie in refrigerator .
Heat oven to 350 F  ( 175 C )  . 	Butter a 9-inch tart pan . 	The recipe I used recommended to use a spring form pan ,  but I couldnt find the bottom part of mine . 	After searching like a crazy person for 20 minutes and yelling out to no one in particular ,  I opted for my tart pan . 	It worked just as well ! 	Moving on . 	Spread hazelnuts on a baking sheet . 	Bake just until some color appears ,  approximately 10 minutes . 	Remove them from the oven . 	Place nuts a food processor and pulse until medium fine . 	Transfer hazelnuts to the bowl of an electric mixer with a paddle attachment . 	Add 1 1/2 cups flour ,  1/2 cup granulated sugar ,  light_brown_sugar ,  1/2 teaspoon cinnamon and 1/2 teaspoon salt ;  mix until just combined . 	Add butter and mix on low speed until crumbs begin to stick together  ( 2-3 minutes )  . 	Press 3 cups of the crumb mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan and 1 1/2 inches up the sides to form a crust . 	Place the remaining crumb mixture to the side . 	Transfer the crust to the oven . 	Bake until it is set  ( 15-20 minutes )  . 	The crust will have a golden color . 	Place on a wire rack and allow to cool completely	Slice plums in half and remove pits . 	Slice them again ,  into quarters . 	Scatter the plums and cherries onto cooled crust . 	Set aside . 	In a new bowl ,  whisk together 1 tablespoon flour and 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar . 	Whisk in egg ,  egg_yolk ,  heavy_cream ,  milk ,  1/4 teaspoon cinnamon ,  1/4 teaspoon salt and the grated nutmeg . 	Pour the custard over the fruit and sprinkle with remaining crumb mixture . 	Place the tart in the oven and bake until the custard has set and the top is slightly golden  ( approximately 40-45 minutes )  . 	Remove from oven . 	Place on a wire rack and allow to rest at least 30 minutes . 	Serve at room temperature or chilled . 	Adapted from Martha Stewart .
Fill a large pot with 2 of water . 	Place a steamer basket inside the pot and put the artichokes on top of the basket . 	Bring water to a boil ,  cover pot and reduce temperature to medium . 	Steam for 25 to 35 minutes ,  until you can pull a leaf away from the artichoke heart with a gentle tug . 	To double check ,  pull the leaf between your teeth . 	You are looking for an al dente leaf ,  that is almost ,  but not quite fully cooked . 	Remove the artichokes from the steamer basket and let them cool . 	Using a very sharp knife ,  turn your artichoke upside down ,  and slice the artichoke in half . 	Use a spoon to scrape all the artichoke fur out ,  and remove the innermost translucent leaves . 	Put the olive_oil ,  balsamic_vinegar and salt_and_pepper in a gallon-size plastic bag . 	Shake to combine . 	Add the artichoke halves ,  seal and mush around so the marinade coats the artichokes and gets between the leaves . 	Marinate in the refrigerator overnight ,  or for as long as you have time . 	Even half an hour helps . 	Grill the artichoke hearts on a medium hot grill ,  cut side down for 5 or 6 minutes . 	Flip over and grill another 3-4 minutes . 	Recipe adapted from a recipe in Andrew Weils True Food Cookbook .
Place chicken ,  onion ,  bay leaves ,  spices in a pot and cover with chicken stock . 	Bring to a boil ,  cover ,  reduce heat and simmer until the chicken is done . 	Remove the chicken ,  let cool and shred . 	Strain the broth and save . 	Drain ,  rinse and drain the pinto beans . 	Place the pinto beans in a food processor and process until smooth ,  adding a couple of tablespoons of either salsa or chicken broth or sour cream if too thick . 	In a bowl ,  combine the chicken and beans ,  again adding salsa or the chicken stock until the filling mixture is moist enough to stick together . 	Add the chopped red_onion ,  the jalepeno pepper ,  the chopped cilantro and mix . 	Take a large flour tortilla and spread with a little bit of the fat free sour cream and some grated cheese . 	Add a couple of tablespoons of the filling on one end and fold the sides over and then roll up . 	You can use a toothpick to keep it rolled up or place it end side down to keep it from unrolling . 	Either bake in a hot oven until brown and crunchy or microwave until hot . 	Serve toped with lettuce ,  tomatoes ,  red_onion ,  fatfree sour cream ,  grated cheese ,  salsa and jalepenos .
Prepare grill for cooking . 	If using a charcoal grill ,  open vents on bottom of grill . 	Make dressing :  Whisk together zest ,  lemon juice ,  shallot ,  mustard ,  and salt in a small bowl . 	Add oil in a slow stream ,  whisking until dressing is emulsified . 	Whisk in pepper and parsley . 	Grill zucchini :  Lightly brush zucchini all over with oil . 	When fire is hot  ( you can hold your hand 5 inches above rack for 1 to 2 seconds )  ,  grill zucchini ,  cut sides down first ,  on lightly oiled grill rack ,  uncovered ,  turning once ,  until zucchini are just tender ,  8 to 12 minutes total . 	Transfer to a cutting board and cool slightly ,  then cut diagonally into 1/2-inch-thick slices . 	Toss zucchini with arugula ,  tomatoes ,  and dressing in a large bowl . 	Serve immediately .
Heat oven to 350 . 	Place roast with all the vegetables in an ungreased 9x13-inch or larger baking pan . 	Sprinkle all the spices over the meat . 	This may seem really thick but its wonderful . 	Pour the water over the vegetables . 	Cover with foil and bake at 350 for 2 to 2 1/2 hours . 	Serve with the pan juices .
Over a saucepan of boiling water ,  using a heatproof bowl ,  melt the chocolates melts . 	Make sure that the bowl is not touching the water underneath . 	Whisk in butter and vegetable_oil . 	Keep in a clean jar !
Cook wild_rice according to package directions . 	This is usually cooked 1 part rice to 4 parts water and simmered for about 45 minutes . 	Once cooked ,  drain rice and set aside . 	 ( This can be made ahead of time )  . 	Heat a skillet over medium heat and melt butter . 	Add onion and cook until fragrant . 	Drain your raisins and add to the onions ,  along with the pistachios and wild_rice . 	Cook for 10 minutes or until everything is nicely warmed and coated . 	Taste and add additional butter or salt to taste . 	I find that the flavors of this dish are very subtle ,  and once rested ,  the flavors develop even more . 	This can easily be reheated .
Heat a grill or grill pan over medium to medium-high heat . 	Brush the grill  ( or grill pan )  with the canola_oil  ( you can use a saute pan if you dont have a grill or grill pan )  . 	Add ears of corn to the grill or pan and cook until well browned or lightly blackened on each side ,  about 2 minutes on each turn ,  about 1012 minutes total . 	Set the corn on a cutting board to cool while you continue . 	Heat a small saute pan over medium heat on the stovetop  ( or just use the grill pan if you used one for the corn )  . 	Add the olive oil to the pan and add the minced garlic . 	Cook garlic ,  stirring constantly ,  about 30 seconds . 	Transfer garlic and any remaining oil to a large bowl . 	Do not burn the garlic ! 	Bad things will happen . 	Cut all the corn off the cobs and add it to the bowl with the garlic . 	Add in all the tomatoes ,  the white and light green parts of the green onions ,  lime_zest ,  lime_juice and kosher_salt . 	Toss everything together gently but thoroughly . 	Taste and season if needed . 	Just before serving ,  thinly slice about basil leaves . 	Toss the sliced basil gently into the salad and serve !
Sprinkle your chicken with a bit of salt_and_pepper . 	Lay 2 pieces of shrimp atop each chicken piece . 	Gently wrap a slice of prosciutto around each ,  and place them seam side down on a tray . 	Brush each bundle with barbecue_sauce . 	Grill over medium-high heat ,  turning gently and basting with additional sauce . 	Grill for 8-10 minutes or until done . 	Serve as an appetizer with a small bowl of additional barbecue_sauce . 	Enjoy ! 	 !
Preheat oven to 425 . 	Heat the vegetable_oil in large skillet . 	Brown pork_chops on both sides . 	While chops are frying ,  in a bowl ,  mix honey ,  ginger ,  soy_sauce ,  water ,  and pepper . 	Add the sliced onion and green_pepper . 	Place pork_chops in a baking dish . 	Pour the mixture over the pork_chops . 	Cover and bake for 25 minutes . 	Uncover and broil for 2-4 minutes . 	Serve with rice and this is a great meal !
In a preheated 400 degree oven ,  toast bread cubes 5 to 7 min or possibly till barely golden brown . 	In a large skillet ,  heat butter and cook onion and celery over medium heat for 3 min or possibly till softened . 	Transfer to a bowl and add in bread cubes ,  herbs ,  salt ,  pepper ,  and chicken_broth . 	Toss well and adjust seasoning . 	Transfer to baking dish and bake at 325 degrees for 20 min till heated through and crust forms on top . 	This recipe yields 12 servings .
Microwave oil on high for 3 minutes in a 2 or 3 qt microwavable dish . 	Mix raw chicken chunks ,  soy_sauce ,  cornstarch ,  ginger ,  garlic and sherry in separate bowl to marinate flavors . 	After oil is hot ,  add the chicken to the oil . 	Cover with saran wrap and microwave on high for 3 1/2 minutes . 	Add peapods and cashews . 	Microwave for 2-3 more minutes . 	Serve over rice .
In a medium saucepan over medium heat ,  add the broth ,  Cajun seasoning ,  and hot_sauce and bring to a simmer . 	Stir in the jambalaya and beans and cook until hot ,  about 5 minutes . 	Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper . 	Serve ,  garnished with scallions .
Combine all ingredients in a blender . 	Puree until smooth . 	Smooth into small baby popsicle molds . 	Freeze .
Cream the cream_cheese in mixer . 	Add sugar and cream together . 	' . 	With mixer running on low speed ,  slowly add in half of the eggs . 	Stop mixer and scrape down bowl . 	Run mixer again . 	Add in rest of the eggs . 	Add in whip topping . 	Add lemon juice . 	Add vanilla . 	Crumble graham_crackers and graham crust together . 	Scoop crust mixture into 7 "  ring and tamp . 	Pour filling over crust mix . 	Bake at 225 degrees celsius for 2 . 5 hours .
Preheat oven to 350	Chop strawberries . 	Place in bowl with blueberries . 	Add to berry mix white_chocolate_chips ,  a portion of the granola and some of the chopped nuts ,  but only a small portion . 	Leave a majority of the nuts and granola for the topping . 	In separate bowl mix brown_sugar ,  remainder of granola ,  nuts and entire box of cake mix . 	Grease a 9x13 cakepan and pour bowl of berry mix . 	Spread evenly	Add dry topping mix to the top of filling in cake pan . 	Melt stick of butter then pour over the top of the topping . 	Place in oven for nabout 25 minutes or until cake mix slightly browns .
In a medium bowl ,  combine the salt ,  sugar and water . 	Whisk vigorously until all the salt and sugar is dissolved . 	Then pour this mixture over the meat ,  poultry ,  or fish that you are preparing . 	Soak for several hours ,  or overnight . 	 ( Note :  Make certain the meat is fully submerged in the brine ,  and make more brine as needed to fully cover the meat .  )
Bring 3 cups of water to a boil in a medium pot over medium heat . 	Stir in the rice ,  cover ,  turn to low and let simmer until the rice has absorbed all the water and is tender ,  about 20 minutes . 	 ( You can also cook the rice in a rice cooker .  ) 	In a large saucepan over low heat ,  combine the coconut_milk ,  sugar ,  vanilla ,  salt and orange zest and cook until the mixture is hot and the sugar is dissolved ,  4 to 5 minutes ;  do not let the mixture boil or the coconut_milk could curdle . 	Stir in the cooked rice ,  cover and cook on low until thick and the rice has absorbed most of the coconut_milk ,  for an additional 15 to 20 minutes . 	To serve ,  scoop the rice pudding into individual bowls ,  top with diced mango and garnish with mint_sprigs .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F . 	Spray a baking pan lightly with cooking spray . 	Wrap each chicken strips around each cheese cube and secure with a toothpick . 	Dip chicken in olive_oil and then roll in bread crumbs . 	Place chicken in the baking pan . 	Top with bay leaves and sliced onions . 	Bake for 15 to 20 minutes ,  or until chicken is fully cooked through ,  and cheese has melted ,  and bread crumbs are golden brown . 	Serve .
Beat egg_whites and salt till foamy . 	Gradually add in sugar ;  beat to stiff peaks . 	Add in vanilla . 	Combine nuts ,  cracker crumbs and baking pwdr ;  fold into egg white mix . 	Spread in well greased 9 inch pie pan ,  building up sides . 	Bake in preheated 300 degree oven for about 40 min . 	Cold . 	Meanwhile ,  drain cherries ,  reserving juice . 	Combine juice ,  sugar ,  salt and cornstarch ,  mixing well . 	Cook ,  stirring till mix boils and is clear and thickened . 	Cold . 	Spread about half of whipped cream over torte shell . 	Spoon cherry mix over top ;  garnish with remaining whipped cream . 	Refrigeratefor several hrs . 	Serves 6 . 	 ( If you like ,  substitute #2 can prepared cherry pie filling for thickened cherries .  )
In a large skillet ,  melt 2 tablespoons butter over medium-high heat . 	Saute the chicken and mushrooms for 5-6 minutes ,  or until no pink remains in the chicken . 	Remove the chicken and mushrooms from the skillet ;  discard the pan juices . 	Add the remaining butter ,  flour ,  salt ,  and pepper to the skillet ;  cook ,  whisking constantly ,  until the butter melts . 	Slowly add the chicken_broth and cream ;  bring to a boil ,  whisking until smooth and thickened . 	Reduce the heat to medium-low ,  return the chicken and mushrooms to the skillet ;  add the peas and pimientos . 	Simmer until heated through ,  stirring constantly . 	Serve immediately .
Place all the ingredients in a screw top jar ,  screw on the lid and shake vigorously until the all the ingredients are incorporated and creamy . 	Serve immediately on baby leaf salad or as a dressing on hot new potatoes ,  or over fish or baked chicken for an extra yummy treat .
PREPARE THE FISH	Dry the fish fillets well with paper toweling . 	Season with salt and pepper and allow to stand for 5 minutes to draw out some moisture . 	MAKE THE SAUCE	In a saucepan ,  heat oil over medium heat . 	Add the minced shallot and cook ,  stirring ,  until soft and beginning to color . 	Add the orange_juice and vinegar ,  increase heat and bring to the boil . 	Cook until reduced to just over 1/4 of a cup ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add the cream and cook until slightly reduced ,  about 1 minute . 	Remove from heat and add the butter and tarragon . 	Taste and adjust seasoning with salt_and_black_pepper . 	Cover to keep warm ,  stirring every minute or so . 	SAUTE THE FISH	Dredge the fish fillets in flour and shake off any excess . 	Heat the oil in a non-stick skillet over medium-high heat until shimmering . 	If there are any thin tail parts ,  score and tuck tail under the fillet to make them evenly sized . 	Add the fillets to the skillet and reduce heat to medium . 	Cook without moving until the bottom of the fillets are golden brown ,  about 2 to 4 minutes  ( depending on size of the fillets )  . 	Carefully flip the fillets and cook until firm to the touch and the fillet flakes easily ,  about one minute . 	Place some of the orange tarragon sauce on the plate ,  top with fish fillet . 	Serve with a rice pilaf with extra sauce as desired .
Toast bagels medium-well and keep warm . 	In bowl ,  beat eggs well ,  then add dill ,  salt_and_pepper and beat some more . 	Add milk and cream and beat again until frothy . 	Melt butter in skillet and add egg mixture . 	Scramble until soft . 	To assemble ,  divide cream cheese evenly among bagel slices and spread . 	Divide salmon slices evenly and place atop cream cheese . 	Sprinkle chopped red onion over salmon ,  then mound cooked eggs on top . 	Garnish each with capers and dill_sprigs ,  if desired .
Preheat the oven to 350F . 	Lightly butter 4 cups in a jumbo nonstick muffin pan ,  leaving the 2 center cups empty . 	Coat lightly with sugar ,  and set aside . 	Place the butter and chocolate in a heatproof bowl ;  set over a pan of simmering water . 	Stir occasionally ,  until melted and thoroughly combined . 	Remove from heat ;  set aside . 	Combine the 4 egg yolks with 2 tablespoons sugar ,  and whisk until the mixture is pale yellow and thick . 	Stir in the melted chocolate mixture . 	Whisk the egg whites until soft peaks form ,  add the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar ,  and whisk until stiff and shiny but not dry . 	Fold into the chocolate mixture . 	Divide the batter among the prepared muffin cups ,  and bake until set and slightly springy to the touch ,  about 25 minutes . 	Remove from the oven ,  and transfer to a wire rack . 	Allow to cool for 15 minutes in the pan ;  carefully run a knife around the edges of the cakes ,  and unmold . 	Serve each cake with a scoop of coffee_ice_cream .
Light a gas grill or preheat a cast-iron grill pan . 	In a bowl ,  mix 3 tablespoons of the olive_oil with 3 tablespoons of the tarragon and rub it over the salmon . 	Let stand for 5 minutes ,  then season with salt and pepper and grill over medium-high heat ,  turning once ,  until crisp on the outside and just barely cooked through ,  8 minutes . 	Transfer to a plate . 	Meanwhile ,  in a small bowl ,  combine the creme_fraiche ,  mustard ,  horseradish and the remaining olive_oil and tarragon . 	Season the sauce with salt and pepper ,  spoon over the salmon and serve .
Place the ice in a rocks glass and tuck in the long ,  thin lemon_twist . 	In a pint glass ,  combine the Scotch ,  vodka ,  apricot_liqueur ,  orange and lemon juices and bitters . 	Stir well and strain into the prepared rocks glass . 	Pinch the remaining lemon_twist over the drink ,  rub it around the rim of the glass and discard .
In large heavy pot ,  combine 3 T vegetable_oil and popcorn kernels . 	Cover and cook over high heat shaking the pot often ,  until the popping stops ,  3-5 minutes . 	Add the butter and toss . 	Dump the popcorn into a large paper bag and toss with 1 cup cheese and pepper . 	Makes 8 cups .
Make Grand Marnier Custard Sauce . 	For pears :  Squeeze juice from 1 1/2 of the lemons ;  measure and reserve 3 tblsps of the juice . 	Add remaining juice to large bowl of cold_water . 	Using corer or small ,  thin-bladed knife ,  core one pear ,  leaving stem intact ,  through the blossom end . 	Pare and place in acidulated water . 	Repeat with remaining pears . 	Mix 3 cups water and sugar in saucepan large enough to hold all the pears . 	Heat ,  stirring frequently ,  over medium heat until sugar dissolves and liquid begins to boil . 	Stir in reserved lemon juice . 	Drain pears and place in simmering syrup . 	Cook uncovered ,  turning carefully occasionally ,  over medium heat until tender ,  35-45 minutes . 	Remove from heat . 	Cut 4 very thin slices from remaining lemon half . 	Add vanilla and lemon slices to poaching liquid . 	Cool to room temperature . 	Refrigerate ,  covered ,  until cold . 	Remove pears with slotted spoon to individual dessert plates ;  spoon custard sauce over pears ;  garnish with orange_zest .
Bulgur is a type of grain ,  it cooks a lot like rice ,  so follow the directions on the package or use the 2 : 1 ratio ,  1 1/2 cups of water for 1/2 cup of bulgur . 	Let the water come to a boil ,  than cover and simmer on low for about 20 minutes . 	In a large bowl add the cooled bulgur ,  parsley ,  lemon_juice ,  mint ,  tomatoes ,  and onions . 	Mix well so that all the ingredients are evenly incorperated . 	Let sit 30 minutes and than add the olive_oil and re-toss . 	Add salt_and_pepper to taste and place in the fridge to get cool . 	Bon Apetite !
Mix spaghetti with the soy_sauce ,  brown_sugar ,  vegetable_oil and oyster_sauce making sure to mix it well . 	Spray a large cookie sheet with Pam spray and cover the pan with a layer of the spaghetti and bake in a 350 degree oven for 30 minutes turning the spaghetti every 10 minutes until it  " drys out "  ,  you will see the difference . 	Continue until all the pasta has been dryed out . 	Stir fry the pork_loin that has been sliced into strips in vegetable_oil ,  . 	remove and set aside . 	Use your favorite teriyaki recipe for the pork . 	Stir fry the onion and mushrooms in vegetable_oil along with the garlic and ginger paste available in the Asian dept . 	of grocery store until soft . 	Add the rest of the vegetables mixing well and cook for about 2 minutes . 	Add vegetables and pork to spaghetti mix and mix together well making sure everything is evenly distributed . 	Great for OAMC . 	Enjoy .
Scrape the contents of a can of chipotles en adobo into a blender and blend at low speed until smooth . 	Store in a small glass jar in the refrigerator for up to 2 months .
To make Syrup :  Combine sugar ,  1/2 cup water ,  and basil in saucepan ;  bring to a boil ;  and cook 1 minute ,  or until sugar dissolves . 	Remove from heat ,  let steep 5 minutes ;  strain ,  and cool . 	Discard basil . 	To make Carpaccio :  cut pineapple in half lengthwise ,  then slice crosswise very thinly ,  3/8-inch or thinner . 	Arrange pineapple slices on serving plates ,  slightly overlapping slices ;  sprinkle lightly with salt ,  then drizzle each serving with 1 Tbs . 	Syrup . 	Stack basil leaves ,  then roll lengthwise . 	Slice roll crosswise into thin strips . 	Garnish pineapple with basil and blueberries . 	Serve at room temperature or slightly chilled .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees . 	Cream butter and Crisco in large bowl . 	Add sugar gradually . 	Mix eggs ,  milk ,  vanilla and whisky . 	Mix flour and baking_powder . 	Add to cream mixture alternately with milk mixture . 	Mix well . 	Reserve 1/4 of the pastry . 	Press into greased jelly roll pan . 	Spread preserves of pastry . 	roll out reserved pastry on floured surface . 	Cut into strips . 	Arrange strips over preserves . 	Bake for 30 minutes or until golden brown . 	Cup into small squares .
Remove seeds and skin from pumpkin and cut into smaller pieces . 	Boil steam or microwave until tender . 	Drain . 	Mash pumpkin until smooth ,  add grated cheese ,  cream ,  pepper and salt and continue to mash until cheese has melted . 	 *  Kraft Kitchen Handy Hint :  To make Creamy Mashed Potatoes ,  simply substitute the pumpkin for 700g of peeled mashed potatoes and continue recipe as above .
Mix first 5 ingredients together in a shallow bowl ,  set aside . 	In another shallow bowl ,  put 4 eggs ,  beat well . 	In a skillet ,  warm 2 tbspn butter at medium heat . 	Dip 1 piece of bread in eggs-only bowl ,  coat lightly ,  then dip in multi-ingredients bowl ,  coat well ,  then put piece of bread in skillet . 	Done when both sides are golden brown . 	Set aside . 	Repeat with all pieces of bread . 	In separate skillet ,  heat 2 tbspn butter at medium-high heat . 	Once all butter is melted ,  add bananas and brown_sugar . 	Cook and stir for approximately 3 min .  ,  or until sugar and butter have formed into a golden-brown syrupy sauce . 	To serve ,  put 2 pieces of French toast on plate ,  pour 1/4 bananas foster over French toast and add 1 1/2 tablespoon of raspberry_jam .
Cut chicken into 1-inch pieces ;  coat with 2 tablespoons stir-fry sauce . 	Let stand 30 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  cook potatoes in boiling ,  salted water 12 minutes or until tender . 	Drain potatoes ,  place in a large bowl . 	Blend vinegar ,  remaining stir-fry sauce and sugar . 	Heat oil in a hot wok or large skillet over high heat . 	Add chicken ;  stir-fry 3 minutes . 	Add celery ;  stir-fry 1 minute . 	Add vinegar mixture and green_onions . 	Cook ,  stirring ,  until sauce is hot . 	Remove from heat ;  pour over potatoes ,  tossing to combine . 	Let stand 5 minutes ,  stirring twice . 	Add cantaloupe ,  pepper ,  pecans and parsley . 	Toss together to coat all ingredients with dressing . 	Serve immediately .
Heat the oil in heavy based pan add snip the spring_onions into the pan tunr down the heat and add the garlic and chicken ,  stir gently and cook for 5 minutes . 	Add all other ingredients except the lime and coriander ,  add half the coriander at this stage . 	Simmer for 20 minutes ,  take off heat add lime juice and remaining coriander serve with Thai fragrant rice .
In a large pot or Dutch Oven ,  saute onion in olive_oil for 2 minutes ,  add bacon ,  seasoning with salt and pepper . 	Cook for 5 minutes ,  or until bacon begins to render and onions begin to brown . 	Add Creole mustard and the beer . 	Stir . 	Add HALF the sausage . 	Cover this sausage with sauerkraut . 	Add the rest of the sausage . 	Add the hot_dogs ,  and the garlic . 	Bring to a boil . 	Reduce to a simmer ,  cover and cook for 45 minutes . 	Garnish with Cracklins ,  green_onions ,  and Creole seasoning .
Peel and slice bananas lengthwise . 	Layer apples and bananas alternatively in 16cmx13cm baking dish . 	Melt butter in a saucepan . 	Add brown_sugar and stir till dissolved . 	Simmer for 2 minutes stirring occasionally . 	Remove from heat and add juice . 	Return to heat and simmer for 2 minutes . 	Pour over fruit . 	Combine topping ingredients and make crumbly with your hands . 	Sprinkle over fruit . 	Bake in a moderate oven  ( 180C )  for 20 minutes or till crumble is golden .
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil . 	Add soba_noodles and cook 3 minutes . 	Add edamame and carrots to noodle water and cook 3 minutes more . 	Drain . 	In a large bowl ,  whisk together peanut butter ,  salad dressing ,  and 1/4 cup very hot water . 	Add drained noodle mixture to peanut sauce and toss to coat well . 	Add chicken and cucumber slices and toss again . 	Serve warm or at room temperature .
Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6 . 	Place the vegetable_stock for the sauce into a pan and boil rapidly until it has reduced by half ;  Set aside . 	Heat the butter in a large saucepan ,  add the onion and garlic and saute gently for five minutes until soft . 	Add the mushrooms and continue to saute for 5-8 minutes ,  until the mushrooms release their moisture . 	Tip into a colander and set over a bowl to drain and go cold ;  season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper . 	Roll out the pastry on a lightly floured surface into eight 8 inch squares ;  trim the edges neatly  ( You may have some pastry left over . 	 )  . 	Place a slice of cheese on each square of pastry and top each one with the mushroom mixture . 	Brush the edges of the pastry with a little beaten egg and then bring the opposite corners together over the top of the filling to make a square parcel - Pinch the edges together well to seal and then crimp each edge to give them a nice finish . 	Chill for at least 20 minutes . 	Place the parcels on two lightly buttered baking trays and brush with the remaining beaten egg . 	Cook in the preheated oven for 20 minutes until crisp and golden . 	Meanwhile ,  for the sauce ,  heat the oil in a small pan ,  add the shallot and saute until soft . 	Add the thyme ,  bay_leaves ,  peppercorns ,  reduced vegetable_stock ,  port and wine and boil until reduced by two-thirds to about 250ml/8fl oz . 	Strain through a fine sieve into a clean pan ,  bring back to the boil and add the cream . 	Leave to simmer gently until slightly thickened . 	Add the cranberries to the sauce at the last minute . 	Check seasoning and serve with mushroom parcel .
Set oven to 425 degrees F  ( set oven rack to lowest position )  . 	Grease a 15 x 10-inch baking sheet . 	In a large heavy resealable plastic bag combine the cornflake crumbs with the next 7 dry ingredients . 	Moisten each piece of chicken under cold water then shake off excess water  ( the chicken must be slightly wet for the crumb mixture to adhear to the chicken )  . 	Place 1 or 2 pieces of chicken into the bag and shake to coat with the crumb mixture ,  then place skin-side facing up onto the baking sheet . 	Continue with remaining chicken pieces . 	Bake for 40 minutes  ( the chicken will continue baking when removed from the oven )  .
Heat panini grill . 	Fill bread slices with turkey ,  cheese ,  basil and tomatoes . 	Spread outside of sandwich with mayo . 	Grill 3 min . 	or until golden brown .
Cut steak into strips . 	Combine flour ,  salt and pepper and coat meat . 	Brown meat . 	Drain tomatoes and set aside . 	Combine liquid ,  water ,  onion ,  garlic and add in to meat . 	Cover and simmer 1 1/4 hrs . 	Add in Worcestershire_sauce and pepper strips . 	Cover and simmer 5 min . 	Thicken if necessary . 	Add in tomatoes and simmer 5 min . 	Serve over rice or possibly pasta .
Adjust oven rack to upper middle position and preheat oven to 475 degrees . 	Coat rimmed baking sheet with vegetable_oil . 	Place hash browns and butter in a large microwave-safe bowl . 	Cover tightly with plastic wrap and microwave on high power until butter is melted and hash browns are defrosted ,  about 5 minutes . 	Remove plastic wrap ,  stir well ,  and let cool . 	Whisk egg ,  scallions ,  cornstarch ,  salt ,  and pepper together in a medium bowl until thoroughly combined . 	Add to hash brown mixture and stir until incorporated . 	Divide mixture into 10 equal-sized balls and set aside on a large plate . 	Place oiled baking sheet in oven and heat until oil is just beginning to smoke ,  about 6 minutes . 	Remove baking sheet from oven ,  and working quickly ,  place potato balls on hot baking sheet . 	Spray each ball with cooking spray then press each one into a 1/2-inch-thick disk using a metal spatula sprayed with non-stick cooking spray . 	Bake until potato pancakes are golden brown on bottom ,  about 10 minutes . 	Flip pancakes over ,  press down using metal spatula ,  and bake until crisp and golden brown on second side ,  about 8 minutes . 	Place pancakes on a plate lined with paper towels and let drain briefly . 	Garnish with sour cream and chives ,  if desired .
Heat the oven to 375 . 	Grease a 9- by 13-inch pan . 	Add the flour ,  light brown_sugar ,  and salt to the bowl of a food processor . 	Pulse once or twice to combine ,  then add the butter and pulse five or six more times until coarse crumbs form . 	Add the oats ,  Fiber One and pulse two or three more times . 	If you don't have a food processor ,  use a blender to pulverize the Fiber One and then hand mix the ingredients mentioned above . 	Remove 1 1/2 cups of the mixture and set it aside . 	Add the juice to the remaining mixture and pulse three or four times until it's just moistened . 	Press this mixture firmly and evenly into the bottom of the pan using your fingers or the bottom of a measuring cup . 	For the filling ,  whisk together the sugar ,  flour ,  and salt in a medium-size bowl . 	Add the fruit and lemon_juice and gently toss the mixture using a rubber spatula until the fruit is coated . 	Distribute the filling over the crust . 	Sprinkle the reserved crumb mixture over the filling . 	Bake the dish until the top is golden ,  about 35 to 40 minutes . 	Let the pan cool on a wire rack for about 2 hours ,  then cut the sheet into 12 bars . 	Store them in the refrigerator in an airtight container .
Place wax paper on counter . 	Combine the quick_oats and peanut_butter in a small bowl ;  set aside . 	On medium heat ,  combine sugar ,  butter ,  milk ,  and cocoa in a sauce pan . 	Bring to boil stirring occasionally . 	Boil for 2 minutes and take off heat . 	Pour quick outs mixture into pan and mix together . 	Take a 1/4 measuring cup and make drops onto wax paper . 	Let cool completely and enjoy .
Cut the onions in half ,  and then slice them into 1/8-inch-thick half-rounds . 	 ( You will have about 10 cups of onions .  ) 	Heat the olive_oil in a large saute pan over medium heat . 	Add the onions and saute for 15 to 20 minutes . 	Add the peppers ,  garlic ,  vinegar ,  tomato_puree ,  pepper flakes ,  salt and pepper and continue cooking an additional 10 minutes .
Cook's Note :  If you can't find fresh ricotta_cheese ,  use the carton variety and strain through a fine mesh strainer for 1 hour before using . 	Whisk together the flour ,  sugar ,  baking_powder and salt in a bowl . 	Combine the ricotta ,  milk ,  egg yolks ,  vanilla and zest in a separate bowl and whisk until smooth . 	Beat the egg whites in an electric mixer until stiff . 	Add the dry ingredients to the ricotta and milk ,  stirring gently until just combined . 	Whisk in a small amount of the egg whites to lighten the batter ,  then fold in the remaining whites . 	Heat a cast-iron griddle or large nonstick saute pan over medium-high heat and brush the surface with butter or spray with nonstick cooking spray . 	Spoon a scant 1/3 cup of the batter onto the pan and cook the pancakes for 3 or 4 minutes . 	Flip ,  cooking until both sides are golden brown . 	Stack the pancakes and serve topped with the Fig and Pistachio Compote . 	Dust with confectioners'_sugar and garnish with mint_sprigs . 	Add the figs ,  butter ,  honey ,  brown sugar ,  pistachios ,  and a pinch of salt and pepper to a cast-iron skillet set over high heat . 	Cook for about 2 minutes ,  stirring frequently ,  until the syrup begins to bubble and the figs just soften . 	Transfer to a plate to cool slightly .
First make the pastry . 	Stir the sugar and salt into the flour in a medium bowl . 	Cut the butter into the flour until it resembles coarse crumbs . 	Stir in egg_yolks and water until it has a sandy texture and comes together when you press it together  ( you may need to add a tiny bit more water )  . 	Form into a disk ,  cover with plastic ,  and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes . 	If you refrigerate it for over an hour you will have to let it sit at room temperature for a little while before trying to roll it out . 	Preheat oven to 375 degrees F . 	To par-bake the crust ,  first roll it out on a lightly floured surface so its just about 1 inch larger than a tart pan . 	Gently place into tart pan ,  removing the excess by rolling your rolling pin over the top of the pan to cut the edges of the crust . 	Place tart pan on a half-sheet pan . 	Place parchment or foil on top of the pastry and fill with dried beans or pie weights . 	Bake for 15 minutes . 	While the crust is baking ,  prepare the filling . 	Cook the bacon and let cool on paper towels to absorb some of the excess grease . 	Whisk together the eggs ,  cream and salt . 	Remove the crust from oven ,  taking the foil or parchment and beans out of the pan . 	Spread the cooked bacon evenly over the bottom of the crust ,  then pour the custard filling over the bacon . 	Return to the oven and bake for another 25 minutes . 	Serve warm or at room temperature . 	I topped mine with fresh chives .
Mix the peanut butter ,  cool whip ,  cream_cheese ,  sugar ,  and vanilla . 	Whip until real creamy . 	Put in crust and let set in the refrigerator until ready to serve .
Brown sausage . 	Add onion and green pepper ,  saute for 5 minutes . 	Add undrained black eyed peas ,  and undrained tomatoes . 	Add rosemary and oregano . 	Start cornbread according to directions . 	Simmered sausage mixture ,  covered for 20 minutes .
Heat a large skillet on stove top on low heat . 	Add rolled_oats and spread to form an even layer . 	Toast for 2 minutes . 	Add coconut_oil and salt ;  stir to incorporate . 	Toast for 5 more minutes on low heat ,  stirring occasionally . 	Add maple_syrup  ( use less if you prefer it less sweet )  and stir to combine . 	Be careful not to burn the syrup . 	Toast for 12 more minutes . 	Add shredded_coconut and almonds . 	Toast for about 5 more minutes ,  stirring occasionally ,  until coconut and almonds are toasted ,  not burned . 	 ( Cook for as long as you like ,  depending on your taste .  ) 	Remove from heat and add goji_berries and raisins . 	Let it cool . 	Store in airtight container .
Cut chicken into chunky strips ,  combine with five spice powder and sesame_oil in bowl ,  cover ,  stand 10 minutes . 	Toss chicken in cornflour ,  shake away excess cornflour . 	Dip chicken in batter to coat evenly . 	Deep-fry chicken in hot oil until well browned and cooked through ,  drain on absorbent paper . 	Heat extra oil in pan ,  add honey ,  stir until heated through . 	Add chicken ,  toss well ,  sprinkle with sesame_seeds . 	BATTER . 	Sift flours into bowl ,  gradually stir in combined water and egg mix to a smooth thin batter .
Wash the shiso and pat completely dry with a paper towel . 	Finely mince  ( you can also tear them with your hands )  . 	Wipe off any moisture from the sardines with a paper towel ,  and coat both sides with flour . 	Shake off any excess . 	Heat oil in a frying pan ,  and once it's warm enough ,  cook both sides of the fish  ( I recommend cooking from the inside to prevent curling )  . 	The outside should be a bit crispy . 	Mix in the ingredients ,  then turn off the heat and shift the ingredients in the frying pan in a circular motion to mix . 	Place on a cutting board and cut into desired sizes . 	Garnish with shredded nori ,  sardines ,  sesame ,  and shiso on hot rice ,  in that order . 	Top with the leftover sauce in the pan and it's complete . 	Mackerel is also simple and tasty .
If you have already made your sponge skip ahead to step 3 . 	For my vanilly sponge :  cream together the butter and sugar ,  before adding the eggs and vanilla- stir well but avoid curdling the butter . 	Fold in the flour and baking_powder and if stiff add the milk . 	Divide between two 9 "  tins and bake for 50 minutes . 	Leave to cool completely before continuing . 	To make the Chocolate Buttercream ,  blend together the butter and icing_sugar ,  add the cocoa powder- stirring until a desired consistency . 	Pipe or spread the Butter creamon one half/one of the sponge cakes ,  carefully placing the other half on top afterwards . 	Press down on the top sponge a little ,  using a spatula to neaten the buttercream which will be spilling from the edges . 	This can be scraped away or used to fill gaps withing the sponge . 	Place in the fridge for 5-10 minutes so the buttercream can set . 	Roll out your yellow Fondant ,  so that it will fit and cover your cake evenly . 	Use a jam as 'glue' spreading it all over the cake . 	Carefully pick the icing up ,  a rolling pin helps ,  place it onto the cake . 	Using your hands lightly rub the top of the cake flattending out the fondant . 	Continue to rub down the sides of the cake until the cake is layered evenly . 	Use a sharp knife to cut away excess icing . 	Away from the cake ,  make the following parts to the minions face from the other fondant colours . 	Add a little drop of black to white_fondant to create grey  ( for the Goggles )  red food dye can also be use to create the 'tounge' . cut them using sharp knives ,  or cutters :  I used different size cups as guidelines . 	place on to a tray lined with cling film . 	Use my pictures as guidelines . 	Place the parts of th face according to the photographs . 	A little water will work well to stick the parts together . 	Roll out the black fondant ,  and slice into 2 long rectangles ,  put one either side of the goggle cutting at the bace of the cake . 	Other extra decoration you could add include an edge of buttercream at the base of the cake or hair
Place dry ingredients in a bowl . 	Stir in oats and sugar . 	Cut in margarine until crumbly . 	Pat 2/3 of crumbs in a 11 by 17 inch pan . 	Spread with jam and top with remaining crumbs . 	Bake at 375 for about 45 minutes  ( or until light brown around edges )  . 	Cool and cut into bars .
Combine butter and 3/4 cup powdered_sugar in bowl . 	Beat at medium speed ,  scraping bowl often ,  until creamy . 	Add flour ,  vanilla ,  1/2 teaspoon cloves and brandy extract ;  beat at low speed until well mixed . 	Cover ;  refrigerate 1 hour until firm . 	Heat oven to 350F . 	Shape dough into 1-inch balls . 	Place 1 inch apart onto ungreased cookie sheets . 	Bake 15-17 minutes or until very lightly browned . 	Cool completely . 	Sprinkle cooled cookies with powdered_sugar and cloves . 	 * Substitute vanilla .
Soak the kurumabu in water to rehydrate . 	Mix together seasonings . 	Cut the vegetables into bite sizes . 	Pour a small amount of water into a frying pan . 	Steam all of the vegetables ,  except the green pepper . 	At this point you don't need to cook the vegetables through . 	After the kurumabu are rehydrated cut into bite sizes . 	Coat them with katakuriko  ( not listed )  and fry both sides in a generous amount of oil until crispy . 	Take them out and set aside . 	Heat a little oil in a frying pan and stir fry the steamed vegetables and green pepper . 	Add the kurumabu and fry until cooked through . 	Pour in the mixed seasonings and cook until the sauce thickens .
1 )  TRIM fat from Brisket ,  and cut Brisket in half . 	Sprinkle with 1/2 Tsp . 	Pepper . 	2 )  PLACE Onion rings in bottom of a slow cooker ;  Top with Brisket . 	3 )  STIR together Chili Sauce  &  next 3 ingredients ;  Pour over Brisket . 	4 )  COVER  &  cook on HIGH 4 to 6 hours ,  or on LOW 8 to 12 hours . 	Remove Brisket ,  and set aside ,  reserving liquid in slow cooker . 	5 )  REMOVE 1 Cup reserved liquid from slow cooker ;  Whisk in Flour ,  and pour into slow cooker ,  whisking constantly . 	Cook ,  whisking constantly ,  5 minutes or until thickened . 	Serve over Brisket . 	Sprinkle with Pepper and Salt to taste ,  if desired . 	6 )  GARNISH ,  if desired .
Heat oven to 375F  ( 190C )  . 	Grease a 9x13-inch pan . 	Sprinkle coconut and pecans evenly over bottom of greased pan . 	In a large bowl ,  combine cake mix ,  water ,  oil and eggs at Low speed until moistened ;  beat 2 minutes at High speed . 	Spoon batter evenly over coconut and pecans . 	In another large bowl ,  combine confectioners' sugar ,  margarine and cream_cheese ;  beat until smooth and creamy . 	Spoon evenly over batter . 	Bake at 375F  ( 190C )  for 43 to 53 minutes ,  or until a tothpick inserted in center comes out clean . 	Cool completely . 	Cut into squares . 	Invert each square onto individual plates . 	Serve warm or cool .
1 . 	Preheat broiler to high . 2 . 	Place fillet on a foil-lined baking sheet ;  sprinkle fillet evenly with pepper . 	Broil 6 minutes or until desired degree of doneness . 	Cool 2 minutes ;  flake fillet . 3 . 	Combine shallots and next 4 ingredients  ( through lemon juice )  in a small bowl ,  stirring well . 	Place 2 toasted baguette slices on each of 6 small plates . 	Divide salmon evenly among baguette slices ;  top each crostini with 1 teaspoon creme_fraiche mixture and 1 dill sprig .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit . 	Combine all ingredient except for the cheese ,  mixing well . 	Adjust the amount of egg beaters and bread crumbs if nessecary to give a good consistency . 	Meet should hold together well but not be too sticky . 	Take enough meat in your hand to fill your palm ,  then flatten it out a bit . 	Put a cheese cube in the center of the meat ,  then close the edges around it . 	Roll into a good sphere and put on a baking pan . 	Repeat it until you've used all the meat . 	Bake for twenty minutes . 	Some cheese may leak from the centers ,  don't worry about it . 	If you want to save the meatballs for another day ,  let them cool then put them in the fridge  ( or freezer )  . 	To reheat simmer in enough tomato sauce to cover your meatballs . 	If you're eating them tonight ,  go ahead and add them to your sauce now . 	You can serve them over pasta or on a roll .
Mix together all ingredients except steaks and place steaks in a large baking dish or zip-lock bag . 	Pour the marinade over the steaks and chill in the fridge for several  ( up to 24 )  hours . 	Bring steaks to room temperature  ( about 30 minutes )  and preheat grill . 	Grill for 8 to 10 minutes or until they reach desired doneness ,  then let steaks rest ,  covered with foil ,  for 5 minutes to redistribute juices . 	Slice thinly against the grain and serve .
Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling water until al dente . 	Drain ,  and rinse in cold water . 	In a small bowl ,  mix together mayonnaise ,  sour_cream ,  cider_vinegar ,  mustard ,  sugar ,  black pepper ,  dill weed ,  and salt . 	In a large bowl ,  combine pasta ,  grapes ,  ham ,  green_onions ,  and cheese . 	Toss with dressing . 	Cover ,  and chill overnight or for at least 6 hours .
In a bowl stir together well the ice cream and the marrons_glaces and freeze the mixture ,  its surface covered with plastic wrap ,  for 2 to 3 hours ,  or until it is firm . 	In a heavy saucepan boil the cream ,  stirring occasionally ,  until it is reduced to about 1 cup ,  whisk in the brown sugar ,  and simmer the mixture ,  whisking ,  until the sugar is dissolved . 	Remove the pan from the heat ,  whisk in the chocolates ,  whisking the mixture until it is smooth ,  and whisk in the butter and the Cognac . 	Serve the sauce warm over the ice cream .
Beat Neufchatel and mayo in medium bowl until blended . 	Stir in celery ;  spread onto bottom of pie plate . 	Combine chicken and hot sauce ;  spoon over Neufchatel mixture . 	Top with blue cheese and onions . 	Refrigerate 2 hours .
Slice the cheese into 2 "  thick pieces  ( or thinner if using aged provolone )  . 	Brush cheese with olive_oil so spices stick to outside ;  sprinkle with spices . 	Grill about 6 "  from heat source on the grill or in the broiler ,  until the outside crisps ,  the cheese turns golden brown and just starts to run  ( Do NOT overcook or you will have a puddle )  ;  this can also be done in a cast iron skillet over high heat so the outside crisps before the middle starts to spread all over the pan  ( spray pan with cooking spray first and keep scooting the cheese around the pan while it's cooking so it doesn't stick )  . 	Serve right away  ( it gets hard if you let it cool down and doesn't reheat very well )  on small plates with a fork and knife .
In a skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat ,  turning it ,  until it is crisp ,  transfer it with tongs to paper towels to drain ,  and crumble it . 	Pour all but 1 tablespoon of the fat from the skillet and in the remaining fat cook the onion ,  stirring ,  until it begins to turn golden . 	Add the tomatoes ,  the Sherry ,  the soy_sauce ,  and the sugar and simmer the sauce for 5 minutes ,  or until it is thickened . 	Add the scrod and simmer it ,  covered ,  for 4 minutes . 	Turn the scrod and simmer it ,  covered ,  for 4 minutes more ,  or until it just flakes . 	Transfer the scod with a slotted spatula to 2 plates and keep warm ,  covered . 	 ( If desired ,  boil the sauce for 1 minute to thicken it slightly .  ) 	Spoon the sauce over the scrod and sprinkle the scrod with the bacon .
I love this because the crust is crunchy and buttery and it goes so well with the tartness of the chocolate . 	Ganache :  In a small pot ,  over low heat ,  heat the cream with the cinnamon and orange zest . 	Use the pot of cream as the bottom of a double boiler and melt the chocolate ,  in a bowl ,  over the cream . 	When the chocolate has melted and the cream is heated ,  transfer the cream to a bowl and allow the chocolate and cream to cool slightly and separately . 	When somewhat warm ,  whisk the cream and the chocolate together to combine . 	Put the ganache in the refrigerator to cool . 	Crostata :  In the bowl of a food processor ,  combine the flour ,  sugar ,  salt and lemon zest . 	Pulse the mixture to blend . 	Add the butter and continue pulsing to integrate and give the dough the consistency of a  " gravel driveway .  " 	With the processor running ,  pour 2 tablespoons of ice_water through the hole in the top of the machine and process until the dough looks like wet sand ,  adding more water if necessary ,  until it finally gathers into a ball . 	Remove the dough from the food processor and flatten it between 2 pieces of floured parchment paper on a baking sheet . 	Chill and allow it to rest for about 30 minutes . 	Roll the dough out to 1/4-inch thickness and cut out 8  ( 5 1/2-inch )  circles . 	Make sure you lightly flour under and over the dough as you roll it . 	Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F . 	Brush any excess flour off the dough before putting a spoonful of the cooled ganache in the center of each circle . 	Fold the sides up around it ,  making the chocolate the center of a small  " money purse .  " 	Arrange them in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown ,  about 12 to 15 minutes . 	Remove from the oven to a serving platter . 	Put any remaining ganache in the cavities of the crostada . 	Serve immediately with sour_cream ,  whipped cream ,  or ice cream ,  if desired . 	Sift some powdered_sugar over the crostata and garnish with a pinch of ground_cloves ,  if desired .
In a large bowl ,  toss apple slices ,  lemon juice ,  arrowroot ,  honey and cinnamon . 	Fan apples out on top of uncooked crust ,  forming a circle . 	Layer more apples over circle and in its center . 	Cover tart with foil ,  and bake at 350 degrees F for 45 to 70 minutes ,  or until juices are bubbling . 	Remove foil and cook uncovered for 5-10 more minutes . 	Tip :  Serve with Vegan Coconut Whip  ( see my blog or page 94 of my book Gluten-Free Cupcakes )  .
Heat oven to 375F . 	Mix oleo ,  egg ,  almond_extract ,  vanilla and powdered_sugar together . 	In separate bowl ,  combine flour  &  salt . 	Slowly add to creamed mixture . 	Divide dough add red food coloring to one half . 	Take 1 tsp of each color . 	Roll each into 4 1/2 inch strips . 	Lay next to each other ,  roll once or twice to  " attach "  . 	Gently twist and form into candy cane shape . 	Lay on cookie sheet lined with parchment paper . 	Bake 8 to 10 minutes . 	Optional :  after removed from oven ,  sprinkle with mixture of equal parts crushed peppermints and sugar .
Creating the Gift in a Jar : 	Wash and thoroughly dry a 1-quart wide-mouth canning jar . 	Layer the ingredients in the jar as listed above starting with the flour ,  salt ,  baking_soda ,  baking_powder ,  oatmeal ,  brown_sugar and then cherries - make sure to press firmly with a flat bottomed object after each addition ;  make the layers as level as possible . 	Secure the lid and decorate as desired ;  attach the instructions for making these cookies found below . 	OAT AND CHERRY SCONES GIFT TAG : 	Additional ingredients to be added by the recipient :  10 tbsp melted butter ,  2/3 cup milk ,  2 eggs ,  1 tsp vanilla_extract ,  1 egg_white and 3 tbsp water . 	OAT AND CHERRY SCONES INSTRUCTIONS : 	Preheat oven to 375 . 	In a large bowl combine the butter ,  milk ,  eggs and vanilla_extract . 	Add the contents of the jar and still until just moistened ;  let stand 5 minutes . 	Shape dough into 2 6-inch rounds and place on a lightly greased cookie sheet about 2 inches apart . 	With a floured knife ,  score each round into 6 wedges without cutting through the dough . 	Combine the egg_white and water and brush over each round . 	Bake for 20-25 minutes or until golden brown . 	Cool for 5 minutes ,  cut into scones and serve warm ;  or cool completely and store in an airtight container for up to 1 week .
Boil sugar ,  salt ,  butter ,  and evaporated_milk together for 6 minutes . 	Remove from heat . 	While mixture is still hot ,  add semisweet chocolate chips ,  German_chocolate ,  and marshmallow fluff . 	Beat together by hand until all the chocolate is melted . 	Refrigerate until set . 	Cut into small squares . 	Makes 1 9X13 "  pan .
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees . 	Melt the butter in a small saucepan . 	Add the zest and juice of the lemon and 1 teaspoon of thyme leaves to the butter mixture . 	Set aside . 	Take the giblets out of the turkey and wash the turkey inside and out . 	Remove any excess fat and leftover pinfeathers and pat the outside dry . 	Place the turkey in a large roasting pan . 	Liberally salt and pepper the inside of the turkey cavity . 	Stuff the cavity with the bunch of thyme ,  halved lemon ,  onion  ( quartered )  ,  and the garlic . 	Brush the outside of the turkey with the butter mixtures and sprinkle with salt and pepper . 	Tie the legs together with string and tuck the wing tips under the body of the turkey . 	Roast the turkey about 2 1/2 hours ,  or until the juices run clear when you cut between the leg and the thigh . 	Remove the turkey to a cutting board and cover with aluminum foil ;  let rest for 20 minutes . 	Slice the turkey and serve .
In a slow cooker ,  pour all cans of soup ,  gravy ,  broth ,  corn ,  and tomatoes . 	Add garlic_salt ,  powder ,  oregano ,  barbecue_seasoning ,  and sugar . 	Add onions ,  potatoes ,  carrots ,  and barley . 	Add stew meat . 	Stir mixture . 	Add water if necessary to make sure solids are covered with moist ingredients . 	Cover and cook for 4 hours on high or 8 hours on low . 	Serve with biscuits or pull-apart rolls .
Using a food processor ,  mince the onion ,  carrot ,  celery ,  4 sage leaves ,  and the garlic into a fine-textured pestata . 	Pour 2 tablespoons of the olive_oil into the big skillet ,  and set over medium heat . 	Stir the pestata into the oil ,  season with 1/2 teaspoon salt ,  and cook ,  stirring frequently ,  until it has wilted and just starts to stick to the pan bottom . 	Scrape all of the pestata into a bowl to cool . 	Trim the chicken thighs of fat and any loose bits of flesh ,  and lay them open ,  boned side up ,  on a cutting board . 	One at a time ,  cover each thigh with a piece of plastic wrap ,  and pound it with a meat mallet  ( or other heavy implement )  to an even thickness of about 1/2 inch . 	Sprinkle salt lightly on the flattened sides ,  using another 1/2 teaspoon in all . 	Spread a tablespoon or so of the cooled pestata in a thin layer on each thigh ,  almost to the edgesuse more or less depending on size . 	Fold the thighs over into thirds ,  as if folding a letter ,  and compress gently . 	Wrap a strip of bacon the long way around each bundle ,  so the open sides are partly sealed . 	Overlap the ends of the bacon and thread a toothpick through them to hold the strip in place . 	Pour the remaining 3 tablespoons of olive_oil into the big skilletcleaned of pestataand set over medium-high heat . 	Lay all the chicken bundles in the pan ,  turning them when the bacon starts sizzling and rendering fat . 	Saute the fagottini for 5 minutes or longer ,  turning several times ,  so the bacon and chicken are lightly caramelized all over . 	As they brown ,  drop the remaining pestata by spoonfuls in between the bundles ,  along with the rest of the sage leaves ,  to cook on the pan bottom . 	When everything is sizzling ,  pour in the wine and bring to a bubbling simmer . 	Cook until the wine has reduced by half ,  turning the fagottini occasionally . 	Pour the crushed tomatoes  ( and juices )  all over the bundles ,  and shake the pan to mix them with the wine . 	Season with the remaining teaspoon of salt ,  and bring the braising liquid to a boil over high heat . 	Cover the pan ,  adjust the heat to keep things bubbling steadily ,  and braise until the thighs are cooked through and tender ,  25 to 30 minutes ,  depending on size . 	 ( If youre not sure ,  slice discreetly into one of the bundles to check for doneness .  ) 	If you want to finish the fagottini with a crisp gratinato topping ,  arrange a rack in the top part of your oven and preheat to 425 while the chicken braises . 	When the meat is done ,  uncover the skillet ,  raise the heat ,  and reduce the braising liquid a bit ,  exposing the tops of the thighs . 	Turn off the heat ,  and carefully pull the toothpicks out of the bundles . 	Sprinkle a teaspoon or so of grated cheese over each ,  and set the skillet in the oven . 	Bake about 10 minutes ,  until the gratinato is golden ,  the bacon very crisp ,  and the sauce quite thick . 	Remove from the oven carefully . 	To finish the fagottini on the stovetop :  Reduce the braising juices in the uncovered pan a bit longer ,  until thickened to a sauce . 	Turn off the heat ,  pull out the toothpicks ,  sprinkle a teaspoon cheese over each ,  and set the cover back on for a minute ,  to melt the cheese . 	To serve the fagottini :  set one  ( or more if theyre small )  on a serving plate with sauce spooned around the hot bundle .
Whisk first 5 ingredients in small bowl . 	Gradually whisk in oil . 	DO AHEAD :  Can be made 1 day ahead . 	Cover and refrigerate . 	Bring to room temperature and rewhisk beforeusing . 	Fill large bowl with lightly salted ice water ;  stir until salt dissolves . 	Cook asparagus in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender ,  about 3 minutes . 	Drain ,  reserving 3 cups cooking liquid . 	Transfer asparagus to bowl of salted ice water to cool . 	Place green_onions in another large bowl ;  pour hot reserved asparagus cooking liquid over onions and let stand until cool ,  about 30 minutes . 	Drain asparagus and green_onions well . 	Transfer onions to clean kitchen towel and squeeze dry . 	DO AHEAD :  Asparagus and onions can be made 1 day ahead . 	Wrap separately in several layers of paper towels ,  then enclose in resealable plastic bags and refrigerate . 	Combine green_onions ,  cucumbers ,  and herbs in mixing bowl . 	Add dressing ;  toss to coat . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Arrange asparagus on platter . 	Spoon cucumber mixture over and serve .
Chile Paste :  Put the salt and garlic in a mortar and pound with a pestle into a paste . 	Add the remaining ingredients one at a time ,  only after the previous one has been incorporated into the paste . 	Can use a food processor if you do not have a mortar and pestle . 	If making ahead ,  store in a jar with tight lid and refrigerate . 	It will keep for several weeks . 	Makes more than you will need for this dish . 	Soup :  Heat a saucepan over high heat for one minute . 	Add the oil and wait for 30 seconds before adding the chicken . 	Stir to cook until the outsides turn white . 	Add the chile paste and stir until it is aromatic . 	Add the chicken_broth and salt . 	When the liquid boils ,  add the vegetables and season with fish sauce . 	When the liquid boils ,  lower the heat to medium . 	Stir to mix . 	Once the vegetables are cooked ,  add the rice_powder . 	Stir to mix and let the broth comes to a boil once more . 	Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with arugula ,  basil ,  and parsley . 	Enjoy with hot cooked_rice .
Wash the beef , add onions , salt , bouillon cube and bring to boil for about 20mins	Boil about 1/2 cup of water and add a drop of olive oil in it once boiled bring down and put your noodles in it for 2mins , you don't want the noodles to be too soft , drain from water and set aside	Heat a non stick pan and add oil bring down your beef and fry until dry or to your satisfaction	Once the beef is fried heat pan and add 2 table spoon of oil add a pinch of salt , onions and pepper , add bouillon cube and stir fry for 3min . 	Add your sieve noodles ,  beef stir and leave for 2mins serve and enjoy
wash and peel the potatos . 	slice the potatoes into french fry pieces . 	Pour the cooking oil in a pan and fry thy potatoes . 	cook on high until golden brown ,  or until cooked enough to suit your likings . 	And the salt . 	Enjoy !
Saute the garlic and onion with the olive_oil . 	Sometimes I add some spicy chili  ;  ) 	Add the potatoes and cook it for about 1 minute	Add the split peas and mix it all together	Cover with water and set the pressure cooker to 12 minutes at high pressure	When pressure cooked is done and all the pressure is released  ( I usually do the quick pressure release )  add the frozen peas ,  and cook for about 5 minutes  ( no pressure needed ) 	Add the broth and mix well	If soup is too thick ,  add water ,  if too watery ,  add some pasta ,  or orzo or couscous
In a mixing bowl  ( or your food processor )  ,  whisk together the vinegar and mustard . 	You can adjust the vinegar as desired -- ie ,  if you prefer less tart dressing ,  slightly reduce the amount of vinegar and increase the mustard . 	If you're using creamed honey ,  you'll have to warm it up to liquify it -- then allow it to cool a bit . 	In a slow drizzle ,  whisk in the honey to the vinegar/mustard mixture . 	Whisk in the oil ,  also in a slow drizzle . 	You can adjust the oil at this point as well ,  adding about 3 1/2 cups then tasting and adjusting to your preference . 	Add salt to taste and freshly ground pepper .
Line 13x9-inch pan with Reynolds Wrap Aluminum Foil ,  with ends of foil extending over sides . 	Mix graham crumbs ,  butter and 3 Tbsp . 	sugar ;  press onto bottom of prepared pan . 	Refrigerate until ready to use . 	Beat cream cheese ,  butter extract and remaining sugar in large bowl with mixer until blended . 	Stir in half each of the marshmallows and chocolate chips . 	Whisk in COOL WHIP . 	Spread over crust . 	Refrigerate 4 hours or until firm . 	Sprinkle with remaining chocolate chips and marshmallows . 	Use foil handles to lift cheesecake from pan before cutting to serve .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Grease and flour two 9 x 5 inch loaf pans . 	In large bowl ,  mix first 5 ingredients . 	With pastry blender or possibly 2 knives ,  cut in shortening till mix resembles coarse crumbs . 	In medium bowl with fork ,  beat Large eggs ,  orange_juice ,  and grated orange_peel till blended . 	Stir into flour mix just till flour is moistened . 	Gently stir cranberries and walnuts into batter . 	Spoon batter proportionately into loaf pans . 	Bake 55 min or possibly till toothpick inserted in center comes out clean . 	Cold bread in pans on wire rack 10 min before removing from pans . 	Make 2 loaves .
Beat together the cheese ,  butter ,  mayo ,  lemon juice ,  cayenne ,  &  onion_powder . 	Beat until smooth then add shrimp and mix until they are evenly spread . 	Spread on the 8 muffin halves . 	You may now freeze them well wrapped or continue to broil them . 	Broil until lightly browned  &  bubbly . 	Cut each muffin half into 6 pieces  &  serve . 	If you have frozen them defrost for 1/2 hour then under broiler apprs 8 "  from heat for 10-15 minutes .
Notes :  The cake component is the actual brownie batter . 	If you dont have roasted butternut squash_puree ,  its okayjust plan a day in advance ! 	Buy a butternut squash ,  cut the thing in half lengthwise . 	Scoop out seeds ,  sprinkle sut sides with spices of your choice ,  rub with olive oil . 	Place cut-side down on rimmed baking sheet in a 400 degrees F oven until tender ,  about 45 minutes . 	Scoop out cooled squash and puree ! 	Tada ! 	On to the blondies ! 	1 . 	Make sure everything is room temperature . 	Line an 8-inch square baking pan with foil or parchment paper and butter ,  set aside . 	Preheat oven to 325 degrees F .  2 . 	Place all swirl ingredientsexcept pecansin a bowl and ,  using an electric mixer ,  mix until smooth . 	Stir in pecans and set aside . 	3 . 	For the cake ,  whisk the flour ,  baking_powder ,  salt and cinnamon together and set aside . 	These are the dry cake ingredients . 	4 . 	In the stand of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment ,  combine the unsalted_butter and brown sugar and mix on medium until combined and fluffy . 	5 . 	Turn mixer down a notch and blend in the eggs and vanilla . 	6 . 	Scrape down mixing bowl and ,  with mixer on low ,  add the dry cake ingredients . 	Once combined ,  stir in butterscotch pieces . 	7 . 	Pour half of the cake batter into the prepared 8-inch pan . 	Spoon half of the swirl batter on top and smooth out . 	Pour remaining cake batter over that and top with dollops of the remaining swirl batter . 	8 . 	Usinig a butter knife ,  run it through the layers of batter until you get that swirly effect . 	9 . 	Bake at 325 degrees F ,  on the middle rack ,  for 42-45 minutes or until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out with only moist crumbs attached . 	10 . 	Place on a wire rack to cool completely . 	Top with cinnamon frosting and enjoy ! 	For the cinnamon frosting :  1 . 	Using an electric mixer ,  cream together the unsalted_butter and cream_cheese until smooth . 	2 . 	Add butternut squash_puree ,  cinnamon and vanilla and mix until combined and smooth . 	3 . 	Add confectioners sugar and mix until creamy . 	4 . 	Spread on top of cooled blondies and cut into squares . 	I can normally get 20 small squares out of a pan because these are pretty rich !
Add all ingredients to blender . 	Blend until smooth . 	 ( Might take a bit longer because of the orange )  .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Spray a nonstick mini muffin tin with the cooking spray . 	Press the wrappers into each mold and spray with a light coating again . 	Bake for 7 to 10 minutes or until light brown . 	Remove the shells from the muffin tin and set aside to cool . 	Heat the olive_oil in a small saucepan over low heat . 	Add the peppers ,  onions ,  herbes de Provence ,  salt ,  pepper and cook over low heat for about 40 minutes . 	Add the garlic and continue cooking for a few more minutes . 	Remove from the heat and set aside to cool . 	Drain the oil that separates from the peppers . 	Reduce the oven temperature to 250 degrees . 	In a small bowl ,  combine the goat_cheese with half the cream and the white_pepper . 	Depending on how soft the goat_cheese feels ,  mix in the remaining cream until the mixture is smooth . 	Take each wonton shell and spoon in about 1/2 teaspoon of the goat_cheese mixture ,  enough to cover the base of the shell . 	Top with a teaspoon of the pepper mixture . 	Place the tartlets on a baking sheet and bake in the oven for 10 minutes until warmed through . 	Serve immediately
For the toppings : 	Shred the cabbage . 	Dice the tomato . 	Chop the onions  ( including the green sections )  ,  and the cilantro . 	Cut the avocado in half and scoop out each half with a spoon . 	Then cut in lengthwise slices . 	Set aside each of the toppings  ( including the salsa and sour_cream )  . 	For the beans : 	Warm the beans in a small pan . 	Add the cumin ,  onion_powder ,  and pepper . 	Stir together . 	For the tortillas : 	In a small skillet ,  heat the oil on medium heat . 	Add 1 tortilla to the oil . 	Cook the tortilla until each side is a light golden color . 	Then repeat for each of the remaining tortillas ,  one at a time . 	Lay the tortillas on a paper towel to drain off the excess oil . 	Making the tostada : 	Add about 2 tablespoons of beans to the top of each tortilla shell . 	Try to spoon out just the beans ,  not the juice . 	An option is to drain the beans or use a slotted spoon . 	Then top the warm beans with some of the cheese . 	Next ,  add the salsa . 	Then add the shredded cabbage ,  more shredded cheese ,  green_onions ,  tomatoes ,  cilantro ,  and a couple slices of avocado . 	Lastly ,  top with a dollop of sour_cream .
In a frying pan ,  melt the butter and fry the meat till lightly browned . 	Remove from pan with a slotted spoon and put into pressure cooker . 	In the remaining butter fry the onions and carrots for 5 minutes	Sprinkle the paprika and flour over the onions stir and fry lightly for 1 minute . 	Slowly add the stock and wine  ,  stirring all the time . 	Bring to the boil . 	Pour the stock with the onions over the meat . 	Bring pressure cooker to correct working pressure and cook for 20 minutes . 	Release pressure and serve with the sour_cream poured over the meat .
Heat olive_oil in a deep frying pan . 	Put penne_pasta  ( with salt )  on to boil in separate pot . 	Cook garlic clove in it for a minute or two . 	Add mushrooms and when they are brownish ,  add sundried tomatoes and asparagus in pan . 	Add sea_salt to taste . 	Drain pasta and add to pan . 	Add butter and toss .
In a large nonstick skillet ,  heat the olive_oil . 	Season the cod fillets and shrimp with salt and pepper and cook over moderately high heat until they are browned and cooked through ,  about 3 minutes per side . 	Transfer the seafood to 4 bowls and keep warm . 	Add the sugar to the skillet and cook ,  stirring frequently ,  until the sugar starts to melt ,  about 1 minute . 	Add the curry paste and cook ,  stirring ,  until the paste is fragrant and bright red ,  about 1 minute . 	Add the green_beans ,  carrot ,  2 cups of the chicken broth and the coconut milk and bring to a simmer . 	Add the mussels and cook over moderately high heat until the mussels open ,  1 to 2 minutes . 	With a slotted spoon ,  transfer the mussels to the bowls with the cod and shrimp . 	In a small bowl ,  whisk the arrowroot with the remaining 1 cup of chicken broth ,  add to the skillet and bring to a simmer over moderately high heat . 	Add the peas and cook until they are heated through ,  about 3 minutes . 	Season the sauce with salt and pepper and stir in the cilantro . 	Pour the sauce and vegetables into the bowls and serve with lime wedges .
Place oleo ,  worcestershire sauce ,  garlic_salt and celery_salt in 3qt microwaveable bowl . 	Microwave uncovered on high until butter is melted ,  approximately 45-60 seconds . 	Stir well . 	Stir in Kix ,  pretzel_sticks and nuts . 	Toss until well coated . 	Microwave on high uncovered 6 minutes ,  stopping to stir every 2 minutes . 	Let cool 30 minutes .
In a medium bowl ,  stir together the flour ,  salt and basil leaves . 	Mix in the butter ,  olive_oil and water until it becomes a smooth dough . 	Cover and refrigerate for 20 minutes . 	Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	Butter an 8 inch pie plate . 	Press the dough into the bottom and up the sides of the dish until it is about 1/4 inch or 1/2 centimeter thick . 	Bake for about 8 minutes in the preheated oven ,  until just starting to brown . 	Make a layer of mushrooms and onion in the bottom of the pie crust . 	Top with a layer of tomatoes ,  olives and anchovies . 	Dot with goat_cheese . 	Return to the preheated oven ,  and bake for 10 minutes ,  or until golden brown .
Stir together 1/2 cup teriyaki sauce ,  red pepper ,  1 tablespoon oil ,  and if desired ,  parsley in a 13- by 9-inch baking dish ;  add steaks ,  turning to coat . 	Cover and chill 30 minutes on each side . 	Cut onion into 1/4-inch-thick slices ,  and separate into rings . 	Place in a microwave-safe dish ;  cover and microwave at HIGH 6 minutes . 	Stir together remaining 1 tablespoon teriyaki sauce ,  1 teaspoon water ,  and sugar . 	Saute onion in remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown . 	Remove from heat ;  stir in teriyaki sauce mixture . 	Keep warm . 	Grill steaks ,  covered with grill lid ,  over medium-high heat  ( 350 to 400 degrees )  6 minutes on each side or to desired degree of doneness . 	Serve with caramelized onions .
Preheat oven to 350F . 	Butter 2 heavy large baking sheets . 	Combine all ingredients in large bowl ;  stir to blend well . 	Drop by scant tablespoonfuls onto prepared baking sheets ,  spacing 1 1/2 inches apart . 	Shape cookies into small mounds ,  about 1 inch in diameter . 	Press tops slightly to flatten . 	Bake until pale golden ,  about 8 minutes . 	Transfer each baking sheet to rack . 	Cook cookies on sheets 5 minutes . 	Using metal spatula ,  transfer cookies to racks and cool completely . 	 ( Can be prepared up to days ahead . 	Store at room temperature in airtight container .  )
In a small saucepan ,  combine the milk and flour . 	Cook over medium high heat until boiling . 	Remove from heat and set aside to cool . 	When the milk mixture is cool ,  add the butter ,  shortening ,  sugar and vanilla . 	Beat with an electric mixer for 10 to 12 minutes ,  scraping the bottom of the bowl occasionally . 	Keep frosted cakes refrigerated until 1/2 hour before serving .
Soak bread in lowfat milk ;  set aside till cold . 	Add in remaining ingredients . 	Pour into greased 1 1/2-qt baking dish . 	Bake in 350 degree oven for 40-45 min .
Crust :  . 	Combine graham crumbs and sugar . 	Stir in butter until crumb mixture is moistened . 	Reserve 1/4 cup of crumbs for topping ,  if desired . 	Press into the bottom of a 9 "  x 13 "  pan . 	If you desire ,  you can bake it at 350 for 8 to 10 minutes  ( I prefer it unbaked )  . 	Cheesecake :  . 	Dissolve jello in boiling_water . 	Beat in cream_cheese . 	Chill jello mixture 20-30 minutes in the refrigerator . 	Or put in the freezer to chill while the evaporated_milk is being beaten . 	Beat evaporated_milk until stiff . 	Add sugar and vanilla . 	Fold gelatin mixture into the whipped milk mixture . 	Pour over graham cracker crust in 9 "  x 13 "  pan . 	Chill for 3 to 4 hours . 	Notes :  1 )  Cooking time is chilling time . 	2 )  You can use whatever flavor of jello you like . 	We just happen to prefer the strawberry ,  although lemon is yummy ,  too .
To prepare the spread ,  first mash the avocado until soft ,  then pop the avocado into a mini food processor along with the spinach_leaves . 	Puree the mixture until you reach a smooth consistency . 	Spread the Avocado and Spinach Sandwich Spread onto bread and cut into shapes for sandwiches .
Place cucumbers in a medium bowl . 	Add salt . 	Mix lightly until salt adheres evenly to cucumbers . 	Cover and refrigerate for one hour . 	Drain juice from limp cucumbers . 	In a small bowl ,  combine the remainder of the ingredients . 	Add to cucumbers ,  mixing gently . 	Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve .
Arrange tomatoes on plate and lightly mist with olive oil . 	Add salt and pepper . 	Sprinkle cheese on top and top with basil .
Shake all ingredients and strain into glass rimmed with salt ;  add stuffed olives .
In a food processor ,  combine basil ,  walnuts ,  Parmesan ,  garlic ,  lemon juice ,  and the water ;  season with salt_and_pepper . 	Puree until a paste forms . 	With motor running ,  add oil in a thin stream . 	Process until very smooth ,  about 1 minute . 	Pesto can be refrigerated in an airtight container ,  with plastic wrap pressed onto the surface to prevent discoloration ,  up to 3 days . 	 ( Or freeze in an airtight container up to 6 months ;  thaw in the refrigerator .  )
In a food processor or blender ,  process the apples ,  4 Tablespoons of the butter ,  the sugar ,  vanilla and nutmeg until smooth ,  about 3 to 4 minutes . 	Set aside . 	In a small bowl thoroughly combine the seasoning mix ingredients ;  set aside . 	Prepare the pork_chops by cutting a large pocket  ( to the bone )  into the larger side of each chop to hold the stuffing . 	In a large skillet ,  brown the ground pork in the remaining 3 Tbsp . 	butter over high heat ,  about 3 minutes . 	Add the onions ,  bell peppers ,  garlic ,  and 2 Tbsp . 	of the seasoning mix ,  stirring well ;  cook about 5 minutes ,  stirring occasionally and scraping pan bottom well . 	Stir in the green chilies and their juice and continue cooking until mixture is well browned ,  about 6 to 8 minutes ,  stirring occasionally and scraping the pan bottom as needed . 	Add the stock and cook 5 minutes ,  stirring frequently . 	Stir in the bread crumbs and cook about 2 minutes more ,  stirring constantly and scraping pan bottom as needed . 	Remove from heat . 	Sprinkle the remaining seasoning mix evenly on both sides of the chops and inside the pockets ,  pressing it in by hand . 	Prop chops with pocket side up in an ungreased 13x9-inch baking pan . 	Spoon about 1/4 cup stuffing into each pocket ;  reserve the remaining stuffing . 	Bake chops with pocket up at 400F until the meat is done ,  about 1 hour 10 minutes . 	Place the remaining stuffing in a small pan in the oven for the last 20 minutes to reheat . 	Serve immediately with each chop arranged on top of a portion of the remaining stuffing .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Line standard muffin tins with paper liners . 	Whisk together cake_flour ,  cocoa ,  and salt . 	With an electric mixer on medium-high speed ,  whisk together sugar and oil until combined . 	Add eggs ,  one at a time ,  beating until each is incorporated ,  scraping down sides of bowl as needed . 	Mix in food color and vanilla . 	Reduce speed to low . 	Add flour mixture in three batches ,  alternating with two additions of buttermilk ,  and whisking well after each . 	Stir together the baking_soda and vinegar in a small bowl  ( it will foam )  ;  add mixture to the batter ,  and mix on medium speed 10 seconds . 	Divide batter evenly among lined cups ,  filling each three-quarters full . 	Bake ,  rotating tins halfway through ,  until a cake tester inserted in centers comes out clean ,  about 20 minutes . 	Transfer tins to wire racks to cool completely before removing cupcakes . 	Cupcakes can be stored overnight at room temperature ,  or frozen up to 2 months ,  in airtight containers . 	To finish ,  use a small offset spatula to spread cupcakes with frosting . 	Refrigerate up to 3 days in airtight containers ;  bring to room temperature before serving .
In a LARGE pot ,  heat the margarine ,  brown_sugar ,  Karo_syrup ,  and salt together over medium heat . 	While stirring ,  bring mixture to a boil and allow to boil for five minutes . 	Remove from heat . 	Add baking_soda and vanilla . 	Mix well . 	Pour over freshly popped_popcorn . 	Stir until the popcorn is well coated . 	Enjoy !
Prepare Tex-Mex Barbecue Sauce as directed . 	Place briskets on meat roasting racks placed in 4-inch full size hotel pans . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  in 450F-convection oven for 10 minutes on each side or until browned on both sides . 	Reduce oven temperature to 275F . 	Pour barbecue_sauce evenly over briskets ;  cover tightly with foil . 	Bake 3 to 4 hours or until meat is very tender ,  turning briskets over after each hour .
Lightly grease four holes of a 1 cup capacity muffin pan . 	Combine mince ,  onion ,  apple ,  parsley ,  garlic ,  egg and breadcrumbs in a large bowl ,  using hands ,  mixing well . 	Press mixture firmly into prepared pan holes . 	Cook in moderate oven for 20 minutes . 	Turn out the meat loaves ,  draining away any excess juice . 	Place meat loaves onto a greased oven tray . 	Spread barbeque sauce evenly over tops . 	Cook meat loaves in a hot oven for a further 15 minutes or until browned and cooked through .
Place the chicken_stock and ham in a saucepan and bring to a boil . 	Remove from heat ,  let cool ,  then strain ,  discarding the ham . 	Meanwhile ,  bring a large kettle of salted water to a boil . 	Add the parsley and cook for 1 minute . 	Drain and immediately plunge the parsley into very cold water to cool . 	Drain again and pat dry . 	Process the parsley in a blender with 1/4 cup of water until liquefied . 	Strain through a fine-mesh sieve ,  using the back of a spoon to push as much of the puree through as possible . 	Discard the solids and set the puree aside . 	Bring the chicken_stock back to a boil . 	Whisk in the cream ,  adjust the heat and simmer gently ,  uncovered ,  for 15 minutes . 	Remove from the heat ,  whisk in 4 tablespoons of the parsley puree and the truffle_oil and season with salt and pepper if necessary . 	Before serving ,  reheat the sauce and use a whisk or hand-held immersion blender to froth it up . 	Serve with poached eggs ,  vegetables or fish .
Remove the rost from the refrigerator 2-4 hours before cooking . 	This should be at room temperature . 	Preheat oven to 500 degrees . 	Put roast in shallow roasting pan ,  fat side up . 	Sprinkle with flour and rub flour into the fat . 	Season with salt and lots of fresh ground pepper . 	Put roast in hot oven and bake according to weight ,  about 5 minutes per pound . 	For a 4-1/2 - 5 pound roast 25-30 minutes ;  for an 8-9 pound roast 40-45 minutes ;  for an 11-12 pound roast 55-60 minutes . 	When cooking time is finished ,  turn off the oven . 	DO NOT OPEN OVEN DOOR AT ANY TIME . 	Allow roast to remain in oven until oven is lukewarm ,  about 2 hours . 	This method of cooking the prime rib will ensure a crunchy brown outside ,  and the internal heat will be suitable for serving  ( yum !  ) 	medium rare beef for as long as 4 hours .
Place pecans on a large glass plate and microwave on high power for 6 minutes ,  stirring at 2 minute intervals . 	Set aside . 	In an 8-cup microwave-safe bowl ,  microwave margarine on high power for 1 minute . 	Stir in brown_sugar and condensed milk until blended . 	Microwave on high power for 7 minutes ,  stirring at 2 minute intervals . 	Beat with a wooden spoon for about 5 minutes or until stiff . 	Stir in vanilla and reserved pecans . 	Spread into a lightly greased 8-inch square glass pan . 	Chill until firm . Cut into squares .
Discard the tough stems from the greens . 	Chop the tender stems and set aside ,  then roughly chop the leaves . 	Heat the oil in a 4-quart pot over moderately high heat until it shimmers and add the asafetida and cumin_seeds . 	Cook ,  stirring ,  until the spices are fragrant ,  about 1-1/2 minutes . 	Add the shallots ,  ginger and chile and cook ,  stirring ,  until the shallots are translucent ,  about 3 to 4 minutes . 	Add the stems of the greens and salt to taste ,  then cook ,  stirring ,  for 1 minute . 	Add the greens and cook ,  tossing occasionally with tongs ,  until just tender ,  15 to 20 minutes . 	Discard the chile and season with salt and pepper to taste . 	If you want a spicier dish ,  break the chile into smaller pieces .
Place the anchovies in a small shallow bowl and cover them with milk . 	Let them sit for 15 minutes . 	Drain ,  quickly rinse with water and pat dry . 	Place all the ingredients in a mortar and pestle  ( or in a food processor )  and either mix or process to form a thick puree . 	With the processor running ,  add the oil in a thin stream until it is thoroughly incorporated into the mixture . 	Taste for seasoning ,  and adjust if necessary . 	To make Tuna Tapenade ,  poach 4 ounces fresh tuna in water seasoned with fresh thyme ,  garlic ,  shallot ,  and fresh parsley ,  until it is opaque ,  7 to 8 minutes . 	Remove the tuna from the poaching liquid and let it cool to room temperature before crumbling into the tapenade . 	For Basil Tapenade ,  mince 1 cup fresh basil leaves and fold them into the tapenade right before serving . 	For Fresh Thyme Tapenade ,  add 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves to the tapenade right before serving .
Place red_peppers on grill over hot coals or on rack of broiler pan 3 to 4 inches from heat . 	Grill or broil 8 to 10 minutes or until skin is blackened ,  turning several times . 	Place in paper bag ;  close top . 	Cool . 	Remove peels and seeds from peppers ;  discard . 	Place red_peppers in blender or food processor container ;  cover . 	Process until smooth . 	Set aside . 	Place fish on greased grill over medium coals or rack of broiler pan 3 to 5 inches from heat . 	Sprinkle with seasoning . 	Grill or broil 5 to 10 minutes or until fish flakes easily with fork . 	Mix VELVEETA and pureed red_peppers in saucepan ;  cook on low heat until VELVEETA is melted ,  stirring occasionally . 	Place hot pasta on serving platter ;  top with fish . 	Pour red pepper mixture over fish .
Cut off spurs from chicken wing-tips and rinse chicken_wings . 	Place in pressure cooker with water ;  bring to pressure and cook at high heat for up to five min . 	Remove from pressure cooker and place cooked-out fat in wide-mouthed ,  tapered jar for other uses . 	Blend all ingredients except chicken and Tabasco  ( or possibly warm sauce )  till fairly even consistency ,  with no large chunks of ginger or possibly garlic . 	Place 3/4 of sauce in pan . 	Roll wings in sauce ;  remove wings to broiler pan	 ( with slotted top )  . 	Bake at 325 degrees F .  for 20 min . 	Remove from oven and spoon about half of remaining sauce on top of each piece ;  broil for 5 min . 	Add in Tabasco or possibly other warm pepper sauces to taste and serve . 	 *  Use vinegar  " that has been used to keep a supply of bird's-eye peppers .
Ceramic or cast iron skillet ,  three turns of olive_oil . 	Brown chicken ,  skin side down . 	Then flip . 	5 minutes on each side . 	Take out of pan . 	Add butter to pan and saute mushrooms until brown . 	Add onions and garlic for 5 more minutes . 	Add all seasonings ,  then flour . 	Blend in veggies . 	Pour in broth slowly . 	Turn to a whisk until sauce is thick	Add chicken_thighs back in gravy . 	Simmer for 35 minutes . 	Cover after 15 minutes so gravy doesn't get too thick . 	Serve with pasta or rice
To make the crust :  In a medium bowl ,  blend together the crumbs ,  cinnamon ,  and butter using a handheld mixer until fully incorporated . 	Scrape the mixture into a 9-inch pie pan . 	Press the mixture firmly onto the base and up the sides of the pan ,  forming a uniform crust about 1/4-inch thick . 	Refrigerate until ready to use . 	To make the filling :  In a medium saucepan ,  preferably nonstick ,  whisk together the milk ,  egg_yolks ,  and lemon_juice until smooth . 	Cook the custard over medium heat until very hot to the touch ,  about 10 minutes ,  stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon . 	Do not allow to boil . 	Strain the custard through a sieve into the prepared pie shell . 	Refrigerate uncovered at least one hour ,  or until set . 	Cover with plastic wrap and chill completely ,  at least another hour .
Rinse beans . 	In a large saucepan combine beans and 4 cups cold water . 	Bring to boiling ;  reduce heat . 	Simmer ,  uncovered ,  for 2 minutes . 	Remove from heat . 	Cover ;  let stand for 1 hour . 	 ( Or ,  soak beans in water overnight in a covered pan .  ) 	Drain beans and rinse . 	In the same saucepan combine beans and 4 cups cold water . 	Bring to boiling ;  reduce heat . 	Cover and simmer 1 to 1-1/2 hours or until tender . 	Drain beans . 	Preheat oven to 350F In a large skillet ,  heat oil over medium-high heat . 	Add chicken ;  reduce heat to medium-low . 	Brown chicken about 10 minutes ,  turning once to brown both sides . 	Remove chicken from skillet . 	Drain all but 1 tablespoon of drippings from the skillet . 	Add carrots ,  onion ,  celery ,  and garlic to drippings in skillet . 	Cover and cook about 10 minutes or vegetables are just tender ,  stirring occasionally . 	Stir in drained beans ,  undrained tomatoes ,  sausage ,  thyme ,  salt ,  and ,  if desired ,  cayenne_pepper . 	Bring to boiling . 	Transfer mixture to a 2-quart rectangular baking dish . 	Arrange chicken_thighs on top . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  about 25 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink  ( 180 degrees F )  . 	VARIATION :  . 	Easy version :  Omit dried beans and step 1 . 	Add 2 15-ounce cans rinsed and drained Great Northern beans to the vegetable mixture in step 3 with the tomatoes .
Run 1 lime wedge around rims of 2 old-fashioned glasses . 	Dip rims in sugar . 	Place both lime_wedges ,  raspberries ,  vodka ,  and 4 teaspoons sugar in a cocktail shaker ;  using muddler or wooden spoon handle ,  smash fruit mixture . 	Add ice ;  shake 10 seconds . 	Divide between glasses  ( do not strain )  ,  top with Champagne ,  and serve .
For the gnocchi : 	1 . 	Using a grater ,  grate the boiled and peeled potatoes into thin fine strands . 	Put the potatoes into a bowl . 	2 . 	Now add the salt ,  pepper and chopped thyme and gently combine into the potato shreds using a fork . 	3 . 	Now slowly add flour  ( 1 tablespoon at a time )  into the potato mixture and with a soft hand start kneading the dough . 	Add only enough flour until a soft but firm dough consistency is reached . 	4 . 	Divide the dough into 4 portions . 	Take each portion and using both hands ,  roll the dough into a thin long rope  ( about 1/2 inch diameter )  . 	Using a sharp knife ,  cut the rope into 1/2 inch pieces . 	Roll each 1/2-inch sized piece between your palms to form ball shape . 	Repeat the process with all the sections of dough . 	Sprinkle some flour over the formed balls to prevent them from sticking to each other . 	5 . 	Now ,  take a big pot and fill it 3/4 of the way full with water . 	Put it over a high flame and let it come to a boil . 	Once the water starts to boil ,  add the butter or olive_oil and gently add some gnocchi dough balls into the water  ( dont crowd the pot )  . 	Let it boil . 	Depending on the size of the balls ,  it will take about 4-5 minutes before the balls pop up on the surface of the water . 	At that point remove them to a plate and continue cooking the rest of the balls . 	For the preparation : 	1 . 	While the gnocchi balls are cooking ,  take a separate large saute pan and heat it over medium-high heat . 	Add the olive_oil/butter and let it heat up . 	Now add the sliced onion and cabbage and saute on medium high flame . 	Keep tossing to avoid the vegetables from burning . 	Once the vegetables are slightly brownish on the edges ,  bring down the flame to low heat . 	2 . 	Add the cooked gnocchi into the saute pan and bring the heat to medium-high to stir fry . 	3 . 	Sprinkle in salt and pepper and let the gnocchi balls stir fry to get a little crunch on the surface . 	4 . 	Then add in the Sriracha sauce ,  soy sauce ,  tomato paste and vinegar and gently toss with the gnocchi to combine . 	Let it saute for about 2 minutes . 	Then your stir-fried gnocchi is ready to be served ! 	Serve hot
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat and add the potatoes . 	Cook until just tender ,  10 to 12 minutes ,  then transfer to a baking sheet to dry . 	When cool enough to handle ,  peel the potatoes and cut into thick slices . 	Season to taste with salt and pepper and place in a deep bowl . 	Snap off the ends of the asparagus spears at their natural breaking point and cut into 1-inch lengths . 	Heat a saute pan over medium-high heat and add 2 tablespoons of the olive_oil . 	Add the asparagus and green garlic and saute until the asparagus is tender and the garlic is soft ,  3 to 4 minutes . 	Add to the bowl with the potatoes . 	Wipe out the pan and add the bacon ,  cooking until the bacon crisps slightly and renders some of its fat . 	Remove with a slotted spoon and add to the bowl . 	Toss and season to taste with salt and plenty of freshly cracked pepper . 	Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive_oil and the parsley ,  then squeeze the lemon over all . 	Toss and divide among 4 plates . 	Fill a wide pan ,  at least 3 inches deep ,  with enough water to cover the eggs and bring to a gentle simmer over low heat . 	Bubbles should lazily break the surface . 	Crack the eggs into small bowls or ramekins ,  then one by one gently slide the eggs into the water . 	Use a spoon or spatula to gently gather the whites around the yolks . 	Cook for 2 to 3 minutes ,  depending on how firm you like your yolks . 	Remove the eggs ,  blotting each briefly on paper towels ,  then gently place on top of each salad . 	Drizzle with additional olive_oil and serve immediately .
Mix the ingredients in a bowl . 	Similarly ,  mix the ingredients in a bowl . 	Spread the ingredients on a tray or plate and cover the sliced bonito on top to marinate . 	After about 10 minutes ,  flip the slices over and let sit for another 10 minutes . 	Arrange the marinated bonito on a platter  ( discard the marinade )  . 	Garnish with the vegetables in the center . 	Just before serving ,  sprinkle a bit of ponzu_sauce over the vegetables and serve .
Pour all ingredients into a blender with ice . 	Serve in a traditional cocktail glass with a slice of orange as a garnish . 	Enjoy .
Heat oven to 350  ( 325 for dark or nonstick pan )  . 	Grease or spray bottom of 13x9 "  pan . 	In a large pan ,  beat cake mix ,  pumpkin ,  water ,  oil ,  eggs ,  and pumpkin_pie_spice with electric mixer on low speed until moistened . 	Beat 2 minutes on medium speed . 	Pour into pan . 	Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until cake springs back when touched lightly in center . 	Immediately poke cake with handle of wooden spoon halfway into cake . 	Drizzle condensed milk evenly over top of cake and let stand until milk has been absorbed into cake  ( about 5 minutes )  . 	Meanwhile ,  place hot fudge in medium microwavable bowl . 	Microwave uncovered on high 15 to 30 seconds or until smooth . 	Spoon and spread over cake ,  pressing slightly into holes . 	Run knife around sides of pan to loosen cake . 	Cover and refrigerate about 2 hours or until chilled . 	Spread frosting over top of cake . 	Sprinkle with pecans . 	Just before serving ,  drizzle caramel sauce over each serving of cake . 	Store cake loosely covered in refrigerator .
Butter a medium saucepan--this will make it easier to clean later . 	Pour in the cream and place over high heat . 	When it begins to boil ,  add the sugar and stir rapidly until it dissolves . 	Then stir in the vanilla and pecans and continue to cook over medium heat ,  stirring frequently ,  until the mixture reaches the soft-ball stage . 	Remove from heat and quickly beat in the butter--this helps arrest the cooking process . 	The candy should lose its glossy color and become very cloudy . 	Lay out a long strip of waxed paper on a work surface . 	Moisten it with a damp towel . 	Drop good-sized spoonfuls of the hot praline mixture onto the waxed paper ,  stirring the mixture occasionally as you go along to keep it well combined . 	Remove the pralines from the paper before they have cooled completely--later on it will be hard to remove them without breaking them . 	Store in tightly sealed containers ,  with layers of waxed paper in between .
Preheat oven to 375F . 	Grease the bottom of a 1 1/2 qt pan and fit one pie crust in bottom and up the sides . 	Bring water and bouillon cubes to a boil . 	Mix milk and flour together ( I put in a container with a lid and shake it for about a minute )   . 	When bouillon cubes are dissolved ,  reduce heat and add butter and milk and flour mixture . 	Stir until thickened  ( about 3-5 minutes )  . 	Salt and pepper to taste . 	Add vegetables and meat and mix together . 	Pour into pan lined with the pie crust and fit the 2nd crust on top . 	Put in oven and bake for 25-30 minutes .
Zest the lemon ,  then juice half of it . 	In a lidded container like a jar ,  combine juice and zest with remaining ingredients ,  then cover and shake to blend . 	You can of course adjust to make it spicier ,  creamier ,  or sweeter to your liking .
You will need a heavy-bottomed nonstick skillet or saute pan ,  10-inch diameter or wider . 	To make the ribbons :  Stack three or four cooled scrippelle evenly ,  and roll them up into a cylinder ,  about the size of a cigar . 	With a sharp knife ,  slice the roll crosswise every 2/3 inch  ( for thin strips like tagliatelle )  or every inch  ( for wider strips ,  like fettuccine )  . 	Separate and unfurl the cut pieces into ribbons . 	Continue to slice up all the scrippelle this way . 	Put the sugar in the skillet ,  pour 1/3 cup water over it ,  and shake the pan a bit to spread out the moistened sugar . 	Set the skillet over medium-high heat ,  and ,  without stirring ,  let the sugar dissolve into a syrup and come to a boil . 	Don't stir or shake the pan as it bubbles away ,  evaporating all the water and nearing the temperature of caramelization-this can take 10 minutes or more . 	Have the remaining sauce ingredients  ( butter ,  apricot_preserves ,  and citrus juices )  near at hand ,  as well as a long wooden spoon for stirring ,  and thick kitchen towels for holding the pan . 	When the syrup bubbles become noticeably thicker ,  watch closely for it to take on color ,  usually near the edge of the skillet . 	At the first signs of darkening ,  lower the heat and swirl the syrup ,  so it caramelizes evenly to a deep-golden color . 	Still over low heat ,  drop in the butter and the apricot_preserves ,  and stir steadily as they melt into the caramel . 	Pour in the lemon and orange_juices ,  stirring carefully ,  because the caramel will bubble and splatter . 	Raise the heat ,  and bring the sauce back to a boil ,  stirring steadily . 	Adjust the heat to keep it at a simmer ,  and drop in the scrippelle ribbons . 	Toss and tumble the strips with tongs or long-handled utensils ,  for a minute or more ,  until they're heated through and glazed all over with the caramel sauce . 	Turn off the heat ,  lift out one serving of ribbons ,  and drop it onto a dessert plate-giving the ribbons twist as you release them to make a pretty nestlike mound . 	Top each serving with a big spoonful of whipped cream and a scattering of pine_nuts . 	Drizzle any sauce left in the skillet over and around the ribbons ,  and serve right away .
In a small bowl stir together the lemon juice ,  the vinegar ,  the water ,  the soy_sauce ,  the garlic ,  the sugar ,  the anchovy_paste ,  the red pepper flakes ,  and the mint until the sugar is dissolved . 	In a bowl combine well the egg ,  the lamb ,  the cinnamon ,  the nutmeg ,  the onion ,  the bread crumbs ,  and salt and pepper to taste ,  form the mixture into four 1/2-inch-thick patties ,  and broil the patties on the rack of a foil-lined broiler pan under a preheated broiler about 6 inches from the heat for 6 minutes . 	Turn the patties and broil them 6 minutes more ,  or until they are just cooked through . 	Transfer the patties to 2 plates and spoon the sauce over them .
Place ingredients in blender . 	Process until smooth and butterscotch_chips are melted .
For pasta ,  cook until al dente in boiling salted water with two tablespoons of the oil . 	Then drain and season with a dash of salt and pepper and an additional tablespoon of oil . 	In hot pan ,  add remaining oil and shrimp . 	Cook a minute or two per side or until just about done . 	Add butter ,  garlic and shallots . 	Cook another minute or two . 	Add wine ,  zest ,  juice and cheese . 	Reduce by half . 	Add the capers and tomatoes and parsley and season with salt and pepper . 	Add pasta to pan and mix well . 	Serve !
Combine all ingredients in a large bowl and mix well . 	Store in an airtight container . 	Pack on the dry rub onto your next rack of ribs .
Brown meat on all sides in lard ;  pour off drippings . 	Add in pepper ,  soy_sauce and water ;  cover tightly and cook slowly 3 hrs or possibly till meat is tender . 	Add in cabbage ;  steam 7 min . 	Thicken cooking liquid for gravy ,  if you like .
Combine the whiskey ,  orange juice and ginger_liqueur in a cocktail shaker . 	Fill with ice and shake until chilled . 	Strain into a rocks glass over ice . 	Photograph by John Kernick
Grease 8 friand moulds[or ramekins] . 	Place the chocolate and butter in a bowl over a pan of simmering water . 	Stir occasionally until melted . 	Set aside to cool slightly . 	Beat the eggs ,  egg_yolks and sugar together until pale . 	Pour the egg mixture over the chocolate mixture and whisk to combine . 	Sift in the flour and whisk until smooth . 	Spoon into the moulds then refrigerate until completely chilled . 	Preheat oven to 200 deg Celcius . 	Bake fondant for 11 minutes . 	Remove from the oven and invert onto serving plates . 	Dust with cocoa and serve immediately with whipped_cream or icecream .
Cook all this together and strain . 	Then add 1 small package strawberry Jello and 2 cups vodka . 	Makes about one 5 quart ice cream pail . 	 " Freeze . 	 "  . 	Scoop into glasses and add 7-Up or Sprite .
In a large bowl ,  combine flour ,  salt ,  baking_powder ,  ginger ,  cinnamon and cloves . 	In a medium bowl ,  combine molasses ,  milk ,  egg and oil . 	Add egg mixture to flour mixture ;  stir until well combined  ( add a little more milk ,  if needed )  . 	Bake in preheated  ,  non-stick or greased waffle iron until golden brown . 	Serve with whipped cream ,  lemon_curd ,  and maple_syrup .
Preheat oven to 350F . 	In small bowl ,  combine cranberries and 2 Tablespoons sugar ;  set aside . 	In medium bowl stir together 2 c flour ,  oats ,  1/2 c sugar ,  brown sugar ,  and baking_soda . 	Stir in melted butter ,  blend well . 	Reserve 1c crumb mix . 	Press remaining crumbs in bottom of 9x13-inch baking pan . 	Bake 15 min . 	Sprinkle dates ,  walnuts and cranberry mix proportionately over crust . 	Stir together caramel topping and remaining 1/3 c flour ;  drizzle over fruits and nuts . 	Sprinkle with reserved crumb mix . 	Return to oven for 20 min or possibly till lightly browned . 	Cold in pan on wire rack . 	Cut into bars .
In a food processor or possibly blender add in basil ,  mint ,  garlic ,  nuts ,  and extra_virgin_olive_oil and puree . 	Transfer mix to a bowl and stir in cheese and cream . 	Add in salt and pepper to taste . 	Store covered and refrigerated for up to 5 days . 	This recipe yields about 1 c .  ofpesto . 	Note :  Pesto freezes well . 	Omit garlic and cheese before freezing and add in them just before serving defrosted pesto .
Bring a large pot of water to a boil . 	In a large skillet ,  cook onion in olive oil for 3-4 minutes or until translucent . 	Add squash and saute for 4-5 minutes until lightly browned . 	Add the radicchio ,  season with salt and pepper and cook until wilted and soft . 	Cook pasta according to package directions ,  drain and toss with the sauce . 	Remove from heat and add Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese . 	Stir to combine and serve .
Brown ground_beef ,  drain salt and pepper . 	add chopped onion , green pepper ,  chopped celery cover simmer over low heat for 10 minutes . 	Cut the top off pumpkin ,  clean the pumpkin out . 	Cook rice . 	Combine the beef mixture ,  soy_sauce ,  brown_sugar ,  mushrooms soup and cooked rice . 	Place mixture into hallowed pumpkin . 	Replace pumpkin top ; place stuffed pumpkin to baking dish and bake 1 hour at 375 .
Cook first four ingredients over med high heat for 2 minutes in a skillet or until liquid evaporates . 	Then add tomatoes and cook until tomatoes are heated thoroughly . 	Remove from heat	stir in remaining ingredients .
In a lg . 	bowl ,  mix melted butter into cracker crumbs and garlic_powder . 	Split the lobsters down the center ,  and remove the insides of the head ,  stomach ,  and black vein on upper side of tail . 	Add the crabmeat to the cracker crumb mixture . 	Mix well . 	Stuff lobsters with cracker mixture . 	Squeeze lemon over crumbs ,  and bake for 20 mins .  ,  at 450 . 	Serve with drawn butter ,  with lemon or cider vinegar mixed into the butter . 	Gives the butter and lobster a tangy delicious flavor .
Combine all ingredients and chill before serving .
Place potatoes in 2-quart saucepan ;  add enough water just to cover potatoes . 	Heat to boiling . 	Reduce heat to medium-low ;  cook uncovered 8 to 10 minutes or until tender . 	Drain . 	Heat oven to 350F In 10-inch nonstick skillet ,  heat oil over medium-high heat . 	Add bell pepper and onion ;  cook 3 to 4 minutes ,  stirring occasionally ,  until vegetables are tender . 	Meanwhile ,  in small bowl ,  mix milk and flour with wire whisk until well blended . 	Stir into vegetables in skillet . 	Heat to boiling . 	Reduce heat ;  cook uncovered 2 to 3 minutes ,  stirring constantly ,  until thickened . 	Stir in mayonnaise ,  pepper and cheese ;  stir until cheese is melted . 	Place ham and potatoes in ungreased 2-quart casserole . 	Pour milk mixture over ham mixture ;  stir to mix . 	Bake uncovered 25 to 30 minutes or until bubbly and light golden brown on top .
Dip marshmallows in caramel topping and then in cereal . 	Let dry on wax paper . 	Make as many as you want .
Put lamb ,  soy_sauce ,  and onion in a bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste . 	Mix with hands to combine . 	Form lamb mixture into 4 patties . 	Heat avocado_oil in a skillet over medium heat . 	Cook lamb patties until browned ,  5 to 8 minutes on each side . 	An instant-read meat thermometer ,  inserted into the center of a patty ,  should read at least 145 degrees F  ( 65 degrees C )  . 	Sprinkle with feta_cheese and serve .
Preheat oven to 325 degrees . 	In a large mixing bowl ,  stir together the oats ,  pecans ,  coconut ,  wheat_germ ,  brown_sugar and salt . 	Combine the the oil ,  honey ,  water and vanilla . 	Add to oat mixture and toss until well combined . 	Spread the mixture evenly on a cookie sheet . 	Bake for 30-40 minutes or until lightly browned ,  stirring every 10 minutes to keep the mixture from sticking . 	Allow to cool . 	Stir in the cherries and chocolate chips . 	Store in an air tight container .
Place apples and water in a large saucepan . 	Bring to a boil ,  reduce heat ,  and cook 25 minutes ,  or until apples are tender ,  stirring occasionally . 	Add more water as necessary to keep the apples simmering . 	Wrap mustard seed in cheesecloth ,  and place with apples . 	Mix tomatoes ,  onions ,  garlic ,  sultanas ,  sugar ,  curry_powder ,  cayenne_pepper ,  salt and vinegar into saucepan . 	Stir until sugar has dissolved . 	Bring the mixture to a boil . 	Reduce heat ,  and simmer 3 hours ,  stirring occassionally ,  until a thick chutney remains . 	Remove and discard wrapped mustard seed . 	Seal chutney in sterile containers until serving .
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F . 	In a food processor or by hand ,  combine garlic ,  spinach ,  parsley ,  chives ,  tarragon ,  bread crumbs ,  orange_zest ,  orange_juice ,  mustard ,  salt ,  pepper and 2 tbsp olive_oil . 	Reserve 1 tbsp oil to fry chicken . 	Insert a sharp knife into the thick end of each chicken breast and cut a lengthwise pocket 3/4 of the way across chicken breast . 	Lay breast flat open and spread with about 2 tbsps spinach mixture . 	Fold breast back together . 	Season breasts with salt and pepper . 	Reserve any leftover spinach mixture . 	Set ovenproof skillet on medium-high heat and add remaining oil . 	Add chicken ,  skin-side down and fry until crisp and golden ,  about 2 minutes . 	Flip breasts over and place skillet in oven . 	Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until juices run clear . 	Remove chicken from skillet . 	Skim any fat and add orange_juice ,  orange_zest and vermouth . 	Bring to boil scraping up any sticky bits on the base of pan . 	Reduce until syrupy ,  about 1 minute . 	Add cream and bring to boil . 	Stir in reserved spinach mixture . 	Reduce until slightly thickened . 	Season to taste . 	Serve chicken and drizzle with sauce .
Cut pork rind into 2-inch squares . 	sprinkle with salt ,  spread on cookie sheet in one layer and bake in a 250 F oven for 3 hours	Cool and set aside in covered jars until ready to use . 	When needed ,  pour oil to about 1/3 the depth of the pan . 	Heat 5-8 minutes on medium high heat . 	Fry pork_rinds until they puff up [about 3-5 minutes] . 	Drain and serve with a dipping sauce which is a mixture of 2 Tbsps vinegar ,  1/8 tsp salt and 1 clove crushed garlic . 	[Dash of black pepper optional . ]
Mash banana in a bowl ;  add oat_bran ,  powdered_peanut_butter ,  and cocoa_powder and stir to combine . 	Stir milk into banana mixture until blended . 	Microwave banana mixture until hot ,  about 2 minutes . 	Let cereal rest until set ,  about 30 seconds .
Mix the pork and the beef together . 	Chop the parsley and the garlic ,  add them and mix . 	Then put the egg  ( unbeaten )  and mix again until fully integrated . 	Add the milk and once it has been absorbed and do the same with the bread crumbs . 	Make small balls ,  flatten them and coat them in the flour . 	While making the patties heat the oil in a large frying pan . 	Taje them out once they are slightly golden . 	They can be eaten hot or cold !
Cook sausages in large frying pan over medium heat until golden brown . 	Remove from pan and set aside . 	Add oil ,  onion ,  garlic and peppers to pan drippings . 	Cook ,  stirring occasionally ,  until vegetables are soft ,  about 10-15 minutes . 	Stir in tomatoes ,  breaking up with a spoon . 	Stir in basil ,  sugar ,  salt and black ground pepper . 	Add sausages ,  cover and cook for 15 minutes . 	Remove cover ,  increase heat to medium high and cook for 5 minutes ,  stirring occasionally . 	Place sausages and pepper and tomato mixture in bun and enjoy !
Heat butter in saucepan . 	Add onion ,  cook 2 to 3 minutes on low . 	Stir in remaining ingredients except cheese . 	Cover and cook 15 to 20 minutes . 	To serve ,  sprinkle with cheese .
Grind all the Adobo ingredients together in a mortar and pestle or food processor to make a paste . 	In a cast-iron or heavy skillet ,  heat 1/2 cup olive_oil . 	When very hot ,  add annatto_seeds . 	Turn heat to low ,  continue cooking ,  stirring frequently ,  for approximately 5 minutes ,  until oil is a rich orange-red color . 	Allow to cool ,  then strain into a clean glass container . 	Set aside . 	Discard seeds . 	Whir all Sofrito ingredients in a blender until chopped . 	Add 1/4 part of the sofrito with the vinegar to the adobo mixture in a bowl and blend well . 	Rub the mixture over the chicken pieces . 	Let marinate in the refrigerator overnight . 	Place remaining sofrito mixture in tight lidded container and refridgerate . 	In a soup pot ,  heat the achiote oil . 	Add remaining 3/4 part of the sofrito . 	Cook for 2 minutes . 	Add chicken . 	Cook over medium heat ,  stirring frequently to ensure that all the pieces of chicken are seasoned . 	Continue cooking a few minutes more until the chicken is opaque . 	Add the white_wine and tomato_sauce and stir well ,  then add the rice ,  water ,  capers ,  olives ,  bay_leaves ,  oregano ,  and salt . 	Return the mixture to a boil ,  then lower heat and simmer ,  covered ,  20 to 25 minutes . 	Add salt and pepper to taste .
Heat oven to 400 degrees F . 	Unroll pizza dough ;  press onto bottom and up sides of 15x10x1-inch pan sprayed with cooking spray . 	Arrange string cheese around edges of dough ;  fold over edges of dough to enclose cheese ,  pressing seams of dough together to seal . 	Bake 10 min . 	Spread pizza_sauce onto bottom of crust ;  top with shredded cheese and tomatoes . 	Bake 20 min . 	or until edges of crust are golden brown ;  top with basil .
1 . 	Bring the water ,  bullion cubes ,  and onion to a boil . 	2 . 	Add the chicken	3 . 	Add the beans ,  green_chilies and spices . 	4 . 	Reduce heat ;  simmer for 20 minutes . 	5 . 	Remove from the heat ;  stir in sour_cream and cream .
Blend together in a food processor or blender .
Dissolve the bouillon in the hot_water to make a broth ;  set aside . 	Place the turkey meat ,  turkey_bone ,  all the vegetables ,  flour ,  both rices ,  spices and chicken broth in a large kettle or Dutch oven	Add as much of the 4 cups water as you prefer for desired consistency . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Simmer over low heat for 30 to 45 minutes ,  or until the carrots and celery are tender and the turkey meat is heated through . 	Remove the turkey_bone before serving stew . 	NOTE - you can easily use pasta in place of the rice . 	Just omit both the white and wild_rices ,  and add about 1 cup uncooked egg noodles  ( or other pasta )  . 	TIP - I like to use a combination of white and dark meat when making this turkey stew ,  as I think it produces a much tastier stew . 	But you could easily use only white or only dark meat ,  to suit your taste buds . 	TIP - if you're watching your sodium intake ,  you can easily omit the chicken buillon cube in hot_water and replace it with 1 cup of low-sodium canned chicken broth . 	For our health ,  we should consider this option but we are die-hard fans of this recipe and haven't been able to bring ourselves to do that -- at least not yet !
In shallow baking dish ,  place chicken with mushrooms . 	Cover with dressing . 	Marinate 30 min . 	Drain and reserve marinade . 	In large skillet ,  cook onion in butter till tender . 	Add in chicken and mushrooms . 	Cook ,  covered over medium heat till chicken is tender  ( 5 min )  . 	Add in zucchini ,  tomato and marinate . 	Cook and stir till tender . 	Remove from heat . 	Sprinkle with cheese . 	Cover and let stand 2 min or possibly till cheese is melted . 	Can be served over rice . 	Very good !
Add the rice to boiling water ,  then simmer for 15 minutes . 	Let sit 5 minutes then fluff ,  Once cool ,  cover and chill overnight . 	Put the chicken in a pan ,  add the coconut_milk and cream ,  cilantro_roots ,  lime zest and chile . 	Bring to a boil then simmer 10 minutes ,  until chicken is tender . 	Remove from heat ,  stir in the fresh basil and fish_sauce . 	Next heat the oil in wok . 	Sir fry the rice for 3 minutes . 	Pour in the egg and stir until well cooked . 	Plate the rice ,  garnish with the chives and top with the chicken coconut sauce . 	Enjoy .
Heat tallow in a medium skillet until tallow reaches 300 degrees . Add bacon_bits , garlic , onion , and shallots to skillet . Sautee for about 3-5 minutes . Add potatoes to skillet . Reduce heat . 	Sprinkle salt , pepper and paprika over potatoes while in skillet . Stir well . Cover pan . 	Cook potatoes for about 7-10 minutes or until potatoes are golden brown on both sides , turning potatoes twice . Serve .
Heat the vegetable_oil in a large pot over medium-high heat . 	Add the flour and cook ,  stirring ,  until golden ,  about 3 minutes . 	Add the onion ,  bell pepper ,  celery ,  garlic ,  3 tablespoons water and 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper . 	Reduce the heat to medium ,  cover and cook ,  stirring occasionally ,  until the vegetables soften ,  about 8 minutes . 	Add the soy_sauce and paprika and cook ,  stirring ,  30 seconds . 	Stir in the vegetable broth ,  scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot ,  then cover and bring to a boil . 	Add the greens and black-eyed peas to the pot . 	Reduce the heat ,  cover and simmer ,  stirring occasionally ,  until tender ,  about 15 minutes . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Serve with the rice ,  if desired . 	Per serving :  Calories 249 ;  Fat 12 g  ( Saturated 1 g )  ;  Cholesterol 0 mg ;  Sodium 530 mg ;  Carbohydrate 32 g ;  Fiber 6 g ;  Protein 9 g	Photograph by Antonis Achilleos
In a large bowl ,  whisk together rice_vinegar ,  canola_oil ,  sesame oil ,  and sesame_seeds . 	Add slaw mix ,  bean_sprouts and fried noodles . 	Toss to combine . 	Place in refrigerator for 15 minutes for flavors to meld . 	Serve garnished with additional fried noodles .
Heat the oven to 325F . 	Line the bottom of a 9-inch springform pan with parchment paper . 	In a medium saucepan set over low heat ,  melt the butter ,  then stir in the chocolate . 	Remove the pan from the heat and continue stirring until the chocolate is completely melted . 	Gradually add the honey ,  stirring to blend . 	Lightly beat the egg yolks ,  then whisk them into the chocolate mixture . 	Stir in the flour ,  coffee granules ,  baking_soda ,  and salt . 	In a large bowl ,  beat the egg whites until soft peaks form . 	Fold one quarter of the egg whites into the chocolate mixture . 	Fold the lightened chocolate mixture into the remaining whites ;  do not overmix . 	Pour the mixture into the prepared pan . 	Bake for 45 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted near the middle of the cake comes out clean . 	Transfer the pan to a wire rack and let cool for 5 minutes . 	Remove the cake from the pan and let cool on a wire rack set over a baking sheet . 	Put both types of chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl . 	In a small saucepan set over medium heat ,  heat the cream and honey until the mixture just begins to simmer . 	Immediately pour the hot cream mixture over the chopped chocolate and let it sit undisturbed for 1 minute . 	Stir until all of the chocolate is melted and completely emulsified . 	Stir in the vanilla . 	Pour the warm ganache over the cake ,  letting the excess drip over the sides and onto the baking sheet . 	Let set up for at least 30 minutes before serving .
Shake off excess dirt from rosemary . 	No water on herbs ! 	Put rosemary into a 2 cup  ( 1 pint )  bottle . 	Cover with 2 cups of olive oil and seal . 	Keep refrigerated . 	Strain and put into a pretty bottle . 	Use for salads and cooking ,  dipping fresh crusty bread into . 	Or use in place of where you would use olive oil . 	Health Update :  Homemade Flavored Oil Alert . 	If you like to make your own herb/garlic flavored oil mixtures ,  be aware of possible dangers if you do not use the latest safety recommendations . 	Commercially prepared concoctions contain additives like phosphoric acid or citric acid that prevent bacteria from growing . 	If you make flavored oils at home ,  keep them refrigerated and toss after 3 days . 	Herbs and oils are both low-acid  ( pH<4 . 6 )  and can support the growth of the pathogenic Celsius botulinum bacteria . 	These bacteria ,  under the right conditions ,  produce a toxin that causes the extremely serious illness ,  botulism ,  in people who eat the tiniest amount of the toxin . 	Botulism is fatal in about 30 to 35 percent of cases . 	Avoid making flavored oil that is potentially dangerous . 	Ideal conditions for the unwanted growth of Celsius botulinum include low acid environment  ( usually pH>4 . 6 )  ,  anaerobic  ( oil provides an anaerobic environment )  ,  with enough available water and room temperatures . 	These bacteria are found very commonly in soil ,  water and air . 	Surrounding these low-acid foods with oil creates an oxygen-free environment  ( anaerobic )  that is perfect for the growth of the bacteria and formation of its toxin  ( poison )  . 	The safe and recommended method for making flavored oil follows :  . 	Herb Flavored Oil - Cold Infusion Method . 	Choose very fresh herbs and a high quality oil with a neutral or mild taste . 	A typical recipe calls for one cup fresh herbs . 	Use your favorite herb or herb combination . 	Use a mild herb with a strong flavor for best results  ( rosemary and thyme )  or use a single herb . 	1-2 cups green herbs . 	1 cup oil  ( olive oil ,  walnut oil ,  etc . 	 )  . 	In a large 5 quart Dutch oven or blanching pot ,  bring 2 quarts water to a rolling boil . 	Add herbs and push under boiling water with a long handled spoon . 	Return water to a boil and blanch herbs ,  covered ,  for 5 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  prepare an ice water bath . 	After 5 minutes ,  remove herbs from boiling water using a strainer or slotted spoon . 	Drain slightly . 	Immediately plunge herbs into ice water for 5 minutes . 	Drain well and squeeze out all excess water . 	Place herbs in a blender and add oil . 	Puree until smooth . 	Strain immediately through a fine-mesh strainer . 	Strain again through several layers of cheesecloth . 	Pour strained oil into a pre-sterilized glass bottle . 	Cover tightly and refrigerate ;  use within 3 days .
Preheat oven to 350 F .  Lightly grease a 9x5x3 pan . 	Finely chop the chocolate and melt it in the top of a double-boiler or in the microwave in 30 second increments ,  stirring in between each increment and continuing until melted . 	Set the melted chocolate aside . 	In a medium bowl ,  sift the flour ,  cocoa_powder ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda ,  salt ,  and cinnamon ;  set aside . 	In the bowl of your stand mixer ,  beat the eggs and sugar on medium speed for about 30 seconds . 	Add the yogurt ,  coconut_oil and mashed bananas and mix until well combined . 	While mixing on low ,  slowly add the flour mixture until its just incorporated . 	Fold in the coconut . 	Pour the batter into the greased pan and spread evenly . 	Pour the melted dark_chocolate over the top ,  dragging a knife back and forth several times ,  until the chocolate is swirled throughout the entire loaf . 	Sprinkle the top with some shredded_coconut and turbinado_sugar . 	Bake for about 50-60 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean . 	If the coconut on top looks like it is browning quickly ,  loosely place a piece a foil over the top to slow the toasting . 	Remove pan from oven when done ,  and set it on a cooling rack . 	Let bread cool for 10 minutes in the pan . 	Then carefully remove it from pan and transfer to a wire rack to finish cooling before cutting into the loaf .
In a small bowl ,  combine sugar with 1 teaspoon of the lime_zest . 	Gently rub the rims of 4 to 6 margarita glasses with lime wedges to moisten ,  crunch into granulated sugar mixture ,  and place in the freezer . 	In a separate bowl ,  combine remaining lime_zest ,  condensed milk ,  Triple Sec ,  tequila and 1/3 cup lime juice . 	Set aside . 	Whip cream until stiff peaks form . 	Fold whipped cream into tequila mixture ,  working carefully to keep the air in the whipped cream . 	Spoon into prepare frozen glasses ,  making sure not to disturb the sugared rims . 	Refrigerate for 4 hours ,  or until firm .
Cook pasta as directed on package . 	Meanwhile ,  cook chicken and onions in hot oil in large skillet on medium heat 6 to 8 min . 	or until chicken is done ,  stirring frequently . 	Add peas ,  peppers and garlic ;  cook and stir 1 min . 	Remove from heat ;  cover to keep warm . 	Melt butter in medium saucepan on medium heat . 	Stir in flour until well blended . 	Gradually stir in milk . 	Bring to boil ;  cook 2 min . 	or until thickened ,  stirring constantly . 	Add cream cheese and Romano ;  cook 1 to 2 min . 	or until cream cheese is completely melted and sauce is well blended ,  stirring constantly . 	Drain pasta ;  place in large bowl . 	Add chicken mixture and sauce ;  toss to coat . 	Top with parsley .
Preheat oven to 325 degrees . 	Soften cheese and butter and blend well . 	Stir in flour . 	Chill 1 hour . 	Shape into twenty-four 1-inch balls . 	Place in ungreased small muffin tins . 	Press down to form crust . 	Beat egg ,  sugar ,  butter ,  vanilla ,  and salt until smooth . 	Divide half the nuts among pastry cups . 	Add egg mixture . 	Top with remaining nuts . 	Bake for 25 minutes or until filling hardens .
Bring sugar and syrup to a full boil . 	Remove from heat , mix in peanut_butter &  pour over cereal . 	Press into buttered pan . 	Melt chocolate &  butterscotch_chips &  spread for frosting . 	Chill .
Season chicken_cutlets with salt_and_pepper and cook on a grill pan ,  about 4 minutes on each side  ( until cooked through )  . 	Slice chicken and assemble chicken ,  blue_cheese ,  mixed_greens on the bottom half of the bread . 	Spread fig paste on the top half of the bread and place on the assembled bottom . 	Place it in the panini press and heat through about 4-5 minutes . 	If you dont have a panini press ,  you could heat it in a stove stop pan or grill pan and use a lid or spatula to press down .
For Biscuits : 	1 .  ) 	Preheat oven to 450 degrees F . 	2 .  ) 	Combine dry ingredients in a bowl . 	3 .  ) 	Cut cold butter into chunks and then cut into the flour until it resembles a course meal . 	4 .  ) 	Add buttermilk until it is JUST combined  ( dont overmix )  . 	5 .  ) 	If it appears too dry ,  then add a tad more buttermilk . 	6 .  ) 	Turn dough onto a floured surface . 	7 .  ) 	Very gently pat  ( do not roll )  until desired thickness  ( I like 1/2-1 inch thick biscuits )  . 	8 .  ) 	Using a round cutter ,  cut into biscuits . 	9 .  ) 	Place on a cookie sheet ,  brush with melted butter if desired . 	10 .  ) 	Bake for 10-12 minutes until lightly golden brown on top . 	For Chocolate Gravy : 	1 .  ) 	Place all ingredients in a saucepan . 	2 .  ) 	Cook on medium-low heat until butter is melted . 	3 .  ) 	Simmer for just a little bit longer . 	4 .  ) 	Pour over warm biscuits and go to Heaven .
Combine the flour ,  cornmeal ,  baking_soda and salt in a medium mixing bowl . 	Set aside . 	In another bowl whisk together the buttermilk ,  honey ,  oil and egg . 	Add in to the flour mix and mix well . 	Let stand for 10 min to soften cornmeal . 	Gently stir in the blueberries . 	Heat greased griddle or possibly skillet over medium heat or possibly to 375 degrees . 	Griddle is ready when a few drops of water bubble and skitter rapidly around . 	For each pancake ,  pour scant 1/4 c .  batter onto warm griddle . 	Cook pancakes till puffed ,  bubbly and dry around edges . 	Turn and cook other sides till golden . 	This recipe yields about 12 to 14  ( 4-inch )  pancakes . 	Yield :  12 to 14 pancakes
Preheat oven to 375F . 	Cook bacon in heavy large skillet until crisp ,  about 8 minutes . 	Transfer bacon to paper towels to drain . 	Coarsely crumble bacon . 	Discard all but 1/4 cup plus 2 teaspoons bacon fat  ( adding olive oil if necessary to equal that amount )  . 	Heat 2 teaspoons reserved bacon fat in heavy medium skillet over medium heat . 	Add chopped onion and saute until tender ,  about 5 minutes . 	Transfer to medium bowl and cool ;  mix in bacon ,  spinach ,  feta ,  cream_cheese ,  and crushed red pepper . 	Season filling to taste with salt and pepper . 	Line 2 large rimmed baking sheets with foil . 	Toss mushrooms and reserved 1/4 cup bacon fat in large bowl to coat . 	Sprinkle mushrooms with salt and pepper . 	Place mushrooms ,  rounded side down ,  in single layer on prepared baking sheets . 	Bake mushrooms until centers fill with liquid ,  about 25 minutes . 	Turn mushrooms over . 	Bake mushrooms until brown and liquid evaporates ,  about 20 minutes longer . 	Turn mushrooms over again . 	Spoon 1 heaping teaspoon filling into each mushroom cavity . 	 ( Filled mushrooms can be prepared 1 day ahead . 	Cover and refrigerate .  ) 	Preheat oven to 375F . 	Bake mushrooms until heated through ,  about 10 minutes . 	Transfer mushrooms to platter and serve warm .
Put all ingredients ,  except pecans and crackers ,  in a food processor or blender . 	Process until well blended . 	Scrape down the sides of the food processor or blender . 	Transfer to a piece of plastic wrap and refrigerate several hours . 	Form mixture into a ball . 	Put nuts on a piece of waxed paper and roll the cheese ball in the nuts . 	Place on a plate and arrange crackers around the cheese ball . 	 * You can also use a fruit such as apple slices in addition to or in place of crackers . 	 * 	 *  * This recipe makes one 3 inch cheese ball . 	 *  *
Mix all ingredients except sherbet and 7-Up . 	Add 7-Up and sherbet just before serving . 	Drop sherbet in balls with an ice cream scoop .
In the bowl of a stand mixer on low speed ,  combine butter and sugar for about 30 seconds . 	Beat in egg_yolk ,  then mix in the flour ,  cornstarch and salt until the mixture barely holds together . 	Do not over beat . 	Gently fold in the candied_ginger . 	Lay out 2 pieces of plastic wrap that are about 12 long . 	Divide dough in half . 	Place each half in the center of a separate piece of plastic wrap . 	Using the plastic wrap ,  gently shape each piece of dough into a 6 long log ,  about 2 in diameter . 	Wrap the dough tightly with the plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours ,  or overnight . 	Preheat oven to 275 degrees F . 	With a sharp knife ,  slice cookies 1/4 thick and place on a baking sheet ,  spacing them 1 apart . 	Bake cookies until just firm but still quite tender and not at all brown ,  about 30 minutes . 	Then remove the pan from the oven and cool cookies for a minute on the baking sheet before removing them to a rack to finish cooling . 	Source :  Adapted from The New York Times recipe by Mark Bittman .
In a small heavy saucepan cook the scallion in the butter and the reserved bacon fat over moderately low heat ,  stirring ,  until the scallion is softened ,  stir in the flour ,  and cook the roux stirring ,  for 3 minutes . 	Add the milk in a stream ,  whisking ,  and boil the mixture ,  whisking ,  for 2 minutes . 	Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the cayenne ,  the Cheddar ,  and salt and pepper to taste ,  whisking until the cheese is melted . 	Add the egg yolks ,  1 at a time ,  whisking well after each addition ,  and whisk in the bacon . 	In a bowl with an electric mixer beat the egg whites with a pinch of salt until they hold stiff peaks ,  whisk about one fourth of them into the cheese mixture ,  and fold in the remaining whites gently but thoroughly . 	Pour the mixture into a buttered 1 1/2-quart souffle dish and bake the souffle in the middle of a preheated 375F . 	oven for 30 to 40 minutes ,  or until it is puffed and golden . 	Serve the souffle immediately .
Heat sauce pan ,  add curry paste and 7 oz . 	of coconut_milk . 	Combine thoroughly ;  add remaining milk ,  sugar ,  and fish_sauce . 	Add chicken and bamboo_shoots ;  bring to a slow boil and cook chicken for 5 minutes . 	Garnish with sweet_basil and peppers . 	Serve with Jasmine rice .
Bone and pound the chicken breasts . 	Dreddge with flour . 	Melt the butter in a baking pan . 	Coat chicken on all sides ,  turning skin side up if not boneless . 	Bake at 375 degrees ,  brushing with pan drippings for 30 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  make the lemon baste ,  where you mix 13 cup lemon_juice ,  minced onion ,  garlic and salt and pepper . 	Brush chicken with part of the baste ,  and bake ,  brushing with the remaining baster for 30 minutes longer or until done . 	Serve with rice and a vegetable .
Add and mix well all of the dry ingredients . 	Add oll of the other ingredients one at a time and mix well . 	Pour into a greased and floured tube pan	Bake at 325 *  for 1 hours . 	When cake is cool Ice with your favorite glaze .
Preheat oven to 360F . 	For this recipe ,  will need 8 individual-sized baking dishes such as souffle cups or ramekins . 	Prepare souffle cups OR ramekins by buttering bottom and sides of cups and lining bottoms with cut-to-fit parchment or waxed paper circles . 	Prepare pound cake according to package directions and set aside . 	In a separate bowl ,  break up apple_pie  ( crust and all )  into bite-sized pieces . 	Place 3 tablespoons of caramel_sauce in bottom of each souffle cup or ramekin and then top with 3 to 4 tablespoons of apple-pie pieces ,  arranging them evenly over caramel . 	Carefully spoon cake batter into each baking cup ,  filling to just below the rim ;  place filled baking cups on cookie sheet or baking tray . 	Bake for 15 minutes or until toothpick inserted in centre comes out clean . 	Let cakes cool for 45 minutes . 	To serve ,  run knife around sides of each cake to loosen ;  then place dessert plate over top of baking cup and flip over ,  jostling dish slightly to fully remove cake and sauce . 	Garnish with whipped_cream and apple slices ,  if desired .
Preheat oven to 200 degrees . 	Mix all ingredients in a large bowl and pour the mixture in a 8x8 pan . 	Bake 20 minutes or until set in the center . 	Allow to cool and cut in squares .
Cook linguine pasta according to package directions for 'al dente' . 	While pasta is cooking ,  cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until the pieces are crisp . 	Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels . 	Reserve 1 tablespoon of the drippings in the skillet . 	Add chopped onion and saute until tender . 	Add shrimp ;  cook and stir until shrimp is cooked through and turns pink . 	Return bacon to the skillet . 	Add the barbecue_sauce and cook and stir over medium heat until heated through . 	Drain linguine and place on serving platter . 	Top with shrimp mixture . 	Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F  ( 190 degrees C )  . 	Lightly grease a roasting pan . 	Wash quail and rub the inside cavities with salt and 1 teaspoon of orange_zest . 	In a medium saucepan bring vegetable_broth and rice to a boil . 	Add the bay_leaf and reduce heat to low ;  cover and simmer for 35 to 40 minutes ,  or until liquid is absorbed . 	Meanwhile ,  heat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat . 	Saute onions until translucent ;  add celery and sage and saute 2 minutes . 	Transfer to a medium bowl . 	Stir in the egg_white ,  remaining orange_zest ,  walnuts ,  black pepper ,  cooked rice and parsley ;  mix well . 	Stuff the cavities of the quail with the rice mixture . 	Lightly season the skins with salt and cracked black pepper . 	Bake in preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes ,  or until cooked through . 	Remove quail from pan and de glaze with the chicken_broth . 	Strain and ladle over the quail .
Lay the salmon_fillets in a baking dish and spread evenly with brown_sugar . 	Sprinkle with garlic_powder ,  soy_sauce and lemon_juice . 	Cover tightly with plastic wrap ,  refrigerate and allow to marinate for up to 8 hours . 	Preheat the oven to 350 *  . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  for about 15 minutes . 	Baste occasionally with the juices that accumulate in the pan . 	This salmon is also excellent barbecued over medium coals .
Note :  This is a basic ,  no-frills recipe . 	Add whatever spices and veggies your family likes to make it your own . 	Rinse and prepare rice . 	My rice cooker takes about 20 minutes ,  which is the only reason why the prep time on this recipe is 25 minutes . 	Rinse chicken and cut into bite-sized cubes . 	Cook over medium heat in a skillet until no longer pink ,  seasoning with salt ,  pepper ,  garlic ,  etc . 	while it cooks . 	You can also use a few cans of white meat chicken instead of fresh chicken if you wish  ( which ,  with pre-cooked rice ,  would make this a super quick recipe ! 	 )  . 	In a large bowl ,  mix rice and chicken . 	This is also the point where you could add in any veggies or seasonings you would like to add . 	Add the cream_of_chicken_soup . 	Mix well ,  and put into a 9x13 casserole dish . 	Cover with cheese and sprinkle with bread crumbs . 	Bake dish at 375 degrees F for about 20 minutes . 	We like to throw it on the top rack and broil it for a little bit once its done baking .
In food processor or blender ,  put tomatillos ,  chiles ,  cilantro ,  onions and water ;  blend until smooth . 	Add avocado flesh ;  blend until smooth . 	Transfer sauce to serving bowl ;  season with lime_juice ,  salt ,  and pepper .
Heat vegetable_oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat . 	Add garlic and onions and cook ,  stirring ,  until softened . 	Add the vinegar to the pan and cook for an additional 2 minutes . 	Place everything else in the pan stir and bring to a simmer . 	Cook for at least 30 minutes ,  or until thick . 	You may use it right away or cool it and refrigerate for later use .
The fish should be cleaned and gutted but left whole . 	Mix the olive_oil ,  lemon juice and anchovy_paste together and season this mixture generously with pepper . 	Rub it over the fish ,  inside and out . 	Allow the fish to marinate for one hour . 	Light the grill and oil the rack or racks . 	A basket-style rack can be used for grilling the fish . 	Grill the fish close to very hot coals five to eight minutes on each side . 	Remove the fish from the grill ,  arrange on a platter and garnish with lemon wedges and parsley .
Prepare salami butter by combining soften butter with salami ,  cheese and basil ,  set aside . 	Cut bread crosswise at 1/2-in intervals ,  cutting nearly all the way through ;  spread slices with two-thirds of the butter . 	Cut diagonally across loaf at 1/2-in intervals ,  cutting nearly all the way through ,  spread slices with remaining butter . 	Wrap loaf in foil ,  barbecue 15 minutes ,  open foil ,  barbecue further 10 minutes ,  serve .
Layer lettuce ,  onions ,  peas and ham in large straight-sided clear glass bowl . 	Mix mayo ,  Parmesan and sugar ;  spread over salad to seal . 	Refrigerate several hours or up to 24 hours . 	Top with cheddar and tomatoes just before serving ;  toss gently .
In a small saucepan ,  combine the butter ,  lemon zest ,  lemon juice and lemon thyme and melt the butter slowly over low heat . 	Season lightly with salt ,  cover and set aside . 	In each of 2 large pots ,  bring 1 quart of water to a boil . 	Add 2 tablespoons of the salt and enough seaweed to each pot to form a bed that rises above the water . 	Arrange half of the lobsters in each pot on top of the seaweed . 	Cover and steam over high heat until the lobsters are bright red all over ,  8 to 10 minutes . 	Transfer the lobsters to a platter . 	Reheat the butter and discard the thyme sprigs . 	Serve the lobsters with the butter for dipping .
Freeze it :  In a large bowl ,  combine the shrimp ,  peppers ,  scallions ,  garlic ,  oil ,  1/2 teaspoon salt ,  and 1/2 teaspoon pepper . 	Divide the mixture among 4 resealable plastic freezer bags ,  top with the Feta and freeze ,  for up to 3 months ,  until ready to cook . 	Cook it :  Heat oven to 400F Remove the shrimp mixture from the bags  ( you'll need one bag per serving )  and place in individual baking dishes or a large casserole ,  making sure the Feta is on top . 	Bake until the shrimp are cooked through and the Feta begins to brown ,  about 20 minutes .
In large saucepan over medium heat ,  combine cream and butter . 	Bring to a simmer ,  stirring constantly . 	Remove from heat . 	Add morsels . 	Stir until melted and smooth . 	Cool slightly . 	Then transfer to a fondue pot or ceramic bowl . 	Serve immediately . 	TO REHEAT :  Reheat in microwave ,  30 seconds ,  stir -- another 30 seconds ,  stir -- repeat until heated . 	Do not microwave for a longer time ;  you may burn the fondue .
Put hazelnuts into a sealed freezer bag ,  and bash them with a rolling pin to break them into pieces . 	Toast in a small dry skillet until browned and aromatic . 	Transfer to a bowl to cool . 	In a small bowl ,  whisk together the mustard ,  lime_juice ,  orange_juice ,  honey ,  salt ,  sesame_oil and vegetable oil . 	Set aside . 	On a large platter ,  toss together the Belgian_endive and watercress . 	Sprinkle with toasted hazelnuts ,  and drizzle with citrus and mustard dressing ,  tossing to combine everything well .
Sift first 5 ingredients together into a greased 9 inch x 13 inch cake pan . 	Make 3 impressions into the dry ingredients . 	Pour vinegar into one ,  vanilla into another ,  and oil into the last . 	Pour the water over all and then mix with a fork until it is well mixed and smooth . 	Bake in a preheated 350 degree  ( 175 C .  )  oven for 35 minutes .
Season pork chops with 1/2 tsp . 	salt and 1/4 tsp . 	pepper . 	Brown chops in warm oil in a large skillet . 	Add in savory ,  bay_leaf ,  tomato_juice and water . 	Cover and simmer 30 min . 	Add in cabbage ,  carrots ,  onion ,  potatoes and 1/4 tsp . 	salt . 	Cover ;  cook for 35 min or possibly till vegetables are tender . 	Makes 6 servings .
COMBINE flour ,  baking_soda and salt in small bowl . 	Beat butter ,  granulated_sugar ,  brown_sugar and vanilla in large mixer bowl . 	Add eggs one at a time ,  beating well after each addition ;  gradually beat in flour mixture . 	Stir in morsels and nuts . 	Drop by rounded tablespoon onto ungreased baking sheets . 	BAKE in preheated 375-degree [Fahrenheit] oven for 9 to 11 minutes or until golden brown . 	Let stand for 2 minutes ;  remove to wire racks to cool completely . 	PAN COOKIE VARIATION :  PREPARE dough as above . 	Spread into greased 15 " x10 "  jelly-roll pan . 	Bake in preheated 375-degree [Fahrenheit] oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown . 	Cool in pan on wire rack . 	FOR HIGH ALTITUDE BAKING  ( >5 , 200 feet )  :  INCREASE flour to 2 1/2 cups ;  add 2 teaspoonfuls water with flour ;  reduce both granulated_sugar and brown_sugar to 2/3 cup each . 	Bake at 375 degrees Fahrenheit ,  drop cookies for 8 to 10 minutes and pan cookies for 17 to 19 minutes .
Preheat oven to 350F . 	Brown the meat in a heavy nonstick skillet over medium high heat . 	Drain excess drippings . 	Combine meat with onion and 2/3 cup cheese . 	Warm the tortillas according to package directions to soften . 	Put some filling down the middle of each tortilla and roll up . 	Place the enchiladas in a 9x13 baking dish . 	Combine the soups and salsa in a bowl . 	Pour over enchiladas and spread evenly . 	Sprinkle with remaining cheese . 	Bake about 20 minutes or until heated through ,  bubbly and cheese has melted .
Combine sugar ,  cocoa and coffee . 	Beat egg_whites with cream_of_tartar till soft peaks begin to create . 	Gradually beat in sugar mix ;  beat till VERY STIFF . 	Mix in crushed crackers and grnd walnuts . 	Generously butter and flour the bottom ,  sides and rim of a 9 or possibly 10 inch pie plate . 	Pour mix into plate ;  spread proportionately ,  but not over rim . 	Bake in a preheated oven at 300 degrees for 30 to 40 min or possibly till a toothpick tests clean ;  cold completely . 	Soften gelatin in Kahlua ;  add in coffee and heat on Hot till gelatin is dissolved . 	Cold to room temperature ;  add in vanilla . 	Combine sugar with cocoa . 	Beat whipping cream till soft mounds form ;  add in sugar mix and beat till stiff . 	Mix in Kahlua mix . 	No more than 1 hour before serving ,  mound topping over crust ;  garnish with chocolate shavings . 	Makes 8 to 10 servings . 	NOTE :  Freeze-dry coffee may be substituted ;  crush into a pwdr before measuring . 	Soda crackers may be substituted for Ritz_crackers . 	An 8 or possibly 9 inch spring form pan may be used . 	For display ,  remove ring and finish as directed before serving . 	Crust may be prepare ahead ,  cooled to room temperature and frzn if you like .
Prepare the ingredients . 	Combine and sift the 'A' ingredients . 	Cut the sweet_potato into rounds and blanch in water to remove excess starch . 	Saute the sliced and blanched sweet_potatoes in the butter . 	Lightly season with the sugar and soy_sauce . 	Let cool . 	Bring the butter to room temperature  ( or gently warm in the microwave ,  being careful not to melt it )  . 	Cream the butter and sugar ,  adding the sugar in batches . 	Once the mixture has become creamy and past-like ,  gradually add in the beaten egg and mix . 	 ( Add it in gradually so that the mixture doesn't separate !  ) 	Gently fold in the sifted A ingredients in 2-3 batches . 	Once it is thoroughly mixed , 	Add in the rum . 	Transfer the batter into the mold . 	Here it is in muffin cups . 	Decorate with the sauteed sweet_potatoes . 	Top with sesame_seeds . 	Bake for 35 minutes at 170C and it's done . 	If making muffins ,  bake for 25 minutes at 170C . 	Optionally ,  spread rum on the top . 	Your aromatic rum and sweet_potato poundcake is complete . 	Bake in muffin cups and give away as gifts .
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F . 	Rinse the leeks in a bowl of water and strain . 	Set aside . 	In a skillet over medium heat ,  add the butter . 	When it's melted ,  add the leeks and season with salt and pepper . 	Cook until they are soft and tender ,  6 to 8 minutes . 	Remove from heat ,  stir in the thyme ,  and let cool to room temperature . 	Roll out each pie dough round onto a clean dry surface . 	Using a 2 1/4 inch biscuit cutter cut 12 rounds from each dough . 	Gently press the rounds into each of the mini muffin tins to form mini crusts . 	In a large measuring cup ,  whisk the cream and eggs with the pumpkin_pie_spice and a generous pinch of salt and pepper . 	Fill each muffin cup with 1 teaspoon of the cooled leeks and top with 1 teaspoon of the cheese . 	Cover the filling with the egg and cream mixture . 	Place the muffin tins onto cookie sheets and put them into the oven . 	Bake until the egg mixture has set and the quiches are lightly browned ,  10-15 minutes . 	Let cool for 10 minutes before turning them out onto a wire rack . 	Serve warm and enjoy !
Mix softened cream_cheese ,  powdered_sugar together ,  start with just one cup of powder sugar and add more if needed ,  add the juice of the crushed_pineapple and about 1 tablespoon of the pineapple ,  mix well and set aside . 	Mix pudding as package directs in separate bowl and set aside . 	Take 2 lady fingers at a time and spread the middle of one with about 1/2 teaspoon or more of cream_cheese mixture and top with second lady finger ,  continue this till all the lady fingers are used . 	In a loaf pan or square dish put 1/3 of the pudding . 	Top with 8 of the lady fingers . 	spoon more of the cream_cheese mixture on top and sprinkle 1/2 the crushed_pineapple . 	Spoon 1/3 pudding on top and repeat with the lady fingers ,  cream mixture and pineapple . 	Put remaining 1/3 pudding on and top with remaining lady fingers . 	My husband said this was wonderful but bananas would make it better so instead of just pineapple try adding some bananas when you put on the pineapple . 	Oh ,  refrigerate 1 hour before serving and any leftover . 	Really good . 	enjoy !
Preheat oven to 500 . Lightly spoon flour into dry measuring cups ;  level with a knife . 	Combine flour ,  masa_harina ,  1/4 teaspoon salt ,  and chili_powder in a food processor ;  pulse 3 times . 	Add water and butter ;  pulse until mixture forms a loose ball . 	Remove from processor ;  knead until ball completely forms . 	Divide dough into 8 equal portions . 	Shape each dough portion into a ball ;  flatten each ball into a 3-inch circle on a lightly floured surface . 	Cover and chill 30 minutes . 	 ( Stack dough portions between pieces of wax paper . 	 ) Place poblanos on a foil-lined baking sheet . 	Bake at 500 for 20 minutes or until brown and blistered ,  turning once . 	Place in a zip-top plastic bag ;  seal . 	Let stand 15 minutes . 	Peel poblanos ;  cut in half lengthwise . 	Discard seeds and membranes ,  and finely chop . 	Place in a medium bowl . Reduce oven temperature to 425 . Heat a nonstick skillet coated with cooking_spray over medium-high heat . 	Add garlic ;  saute 30 seconds . 	Add 1/2 teaspoon salt and corn ;  saute 3 minutes . 	Add to poblanos ;  let stand 5 minutes . 	Stir in cheese . Roll each dough portion into a  ( 5-inch )  circle . 	Working with 1 circle at a time  ( cover remaining circles with a damp towel to prevent drying )  ,  spoon 3 level tablespoons corn filling into center of each circle . 	Moisten edges of dough with water ;  fold dough over filling . 	Press edges together with a fork or fingers to seal . 	Place empanadas on a large baking sheet coated with cooking_spray . 	Combine egg_white and 1 tablespoon water . 	Lightly coat tops of empanadas with egg mixture . 	Pierce top of dough with a fork . 	Bake at 425 for 20 minutes or until lightly browned .
In a medium non-stick pan over high heat ,  brown the sausages in one tablespoon olive_oil ;  set aside . 	Reduce heat to medium and sweat the onions &  garlic in the remaining oil two minutes . 	While onions &  garlic are cooking ,  slice the sausages into 1/4 inch thick slices . 	Add the tomatoes ,  red_pepper ,  chili_flakes ,  sugar ,  oregano and sausages to the pan and simmer covered until the red_peppers soften  ( about 10 minutes )  . 	Cook the fusilli according to package instructions . 	Drain well and place into bowls ,  cover with sauce . 	Top with freshly chopped parsley and/or freshly grated cheese .
For the caramelized onions :  Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat . 	Add the onions and toss to coat with the oil . 	Cover and slowly cook ,  stirring occasionally ,  until the onions are golden ,  about 10 minutes . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	For the matzo brei :  Heat the oil in a saute pan over medium heat . 	Add the salami and fry for 3 minutes . 	Soak the matzo sheets in water for 15 seconds ,  crumble them with your fingers and add them to the salami . 	Add the caramelized onions and toss with the salami and matzo . 	Cook for an additional 3 minutes . 	Add the beaten eggs and cook until the eggs are cooked through ,  about 5 minutes . 	Plate with a side of maple_syrup if desired .
In a shallow bowl combine flour ,  pepper ,  and onion_powder . 	Cut steak into six serving size pieces ;  dredge in flour mixture . 	In a skillet brown steak in butter  ( olive oil is a good substitute here )  . 	Transfer to slow cooker . 	Combine remaining ingredients ,  pour over steaks . 	Cover and cook on low for 8-9 hours ,  or until steak is no longer pink .
Melt 1 tbsp butter in a skillet over medium heat . 	Add shallot and garlic and cook until soft and translucent ,  3-5 minutes . 	Add remaining butter and allow to melt . 	When melted ,  add mushrooms and stir to coat . 	Cook ,  stirring frequently ,  until mushrooms soften and begin to exude liquid ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add beef_broth ,  wine ,  Worcestershire_sauce ,  bay_leaf ,  thyme and pepper . 	Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat ,  then reduce to medium-low and simmer until reduced by about half ,  45-60 minutes . 	Taste and correct seasoning if needed . 	 ( A splash of soy sauce instead of salt adds another dimension and is an alternative if needed .  ) 	Remove bay_leaf before serving .
Soak the bamboo skewers in water ,  to keep from burning during grilling . 	Partially cook the bacon ;  cut in half ,  and let cool on paper towels . 	Wrap the bacon around the shrimp ,  and skewer with bamboo through the point where the bacon ends meet  ( to keep from unraveling )  . 	Skewer 3 to 5 shrimp per bamboo . 	Combine the BBQ sauce ,  oil ,  chipotle ,  lemon_juice ,  mustard ,  chile flakes ,  black pepper and cayenne in a blender and puree . 	Separate the sauce in half ,  one for basting and one for dipping . 	Cook the bacon-wrapped shrimp on a grill over medium heat . 	When the shrimp begin to turn pink ,  begin basting with the chipotle sauce . 	Serve with the remaining sauce on the side for dipping .
In a large bowl ,  combine the Cream ,  Milk ,  Sugar ,  and Vanilla Extract . 	Stir till sugar is dissolved . 	Turn on the Ice Cream maker ,  and pour in the mixture ,  following the Manufacturer's instructions for freezing . 	Add Chocolate Chips when desired consistency is reached . 	Serve immediately or store in the freezer in an airtight container .
For the tofu : 	1 . 	Place a large pan over medium heat and add the olive_oil . 	Drain the tofu ,  pat it dry ,  and dice it into bite size pieces . 	Place the tofu and all the seasonings into the pan . 	Stir until all the tofu is coated and cook for about 15 20 minutes ,  until tofu is crispy on the outside ,  stirring occasionally . 	Set aside . 	For the dressing : 	1 . 	Add all dressing ingredients into a jar or bowl and whisk until combined . 	For the assembly : 	1 . 	Place about 2 cups of lettuce into each bowl and top with desired amount of each topping . 	I would suggest about 1/4 cup of tofu ,  2 3 tablespoons each of blue_cheese ,  pecans ,  and dried_cranberries . 	And then top that with 1 tablespoon red_onion and 1/4 of the apple . 	2 . 	Dress with desired amount of balsamic dressing ,  or use your favorite dressing .
Cook kielbasa in a large nonstick skillet over high heat ,  turning from time to time ,  until lightly browned ,  about 2 minutes . 	Transfer to a plate . 	Add oil to the pan . 	Add onions ,  zucchini ,  bell pepper ,  chillies ,  garlic ,  cumin ,  oregano and salt ;  cook ,  stirring ,  until the onions are tender ,  4 to 5 minutes . 	Stir in rice ,  beans and water ;  cook ,  stirring ,  until heated through ,  about 4 minutes . 	Add the reserved kielbasa and season with hot_sauce . 	Serve hot .
In a large bowl combine cream cheese ,  sugar ,  vanilla ,  lime ,  and media crema . 	Beat until smooth . 	Pour on the prepared_graham_cracker_crust . 	Top with fruit . 	Refrigerate for 1 hour .
In small bowl heat enchilada_sauce in microwave about 1/2 -to 1 minutes ,  depending on microwave . 	In pan on stove ,  heat oil and dip one tortilla at a time . 	Sprinkle cheese in between layers or on top ,  as you like . 	Put on plate-tortilla . 	Put on sauce . 	Put on tortilla . 	Put on sauce . 	Put on tortilla . 	Put on sauce . 	Fry egg and put on top . 	Garnish with your favorite hot sauce ,  or thinly sliced green onion bottoms .
Heat butter and cream in double boiler to a simmer ( 185-210 degrees )  . 	Remove from heat and add 2 tablespoons Amaretto and chips . 	Return to heat and stir until chips are melted . 	Add remaining Amaretto . 	Pour into small ,  deep mixing bowl and refrigerate 15 minutes . 	Remove from refrigerator and beat on high with electric mixer until very thick and lighter in color . 	Chill 60 minutes until firm . 	Roll with hands into 1-inch balls . 	Freeze until very firm  ( approximately 30 minutes )  . 	Roll in ground pecans . 	Store in refrigerator or freezer . 	If frozen ,  candy should be thawed in refrigerator 60 minutes before serving .
Heat oven to 375 degrees F . 	Mix first 4 ingredients ,  1/4 cup cheese and half the garlic just until blended ;  shape into 18  ( 1-1/2-inch )  meatballs . 	Place on rimmed baking sheet sprayed with cooking spray . 	Bake 15 min . 	or until done  ( 160 degrees F )  . 	Meanwhile ,  cook spaghetti as directed on package ,  omitting salt . 	While spaghetti is cooking ,  heat oil in large skillet on medium heat . 	Add remaining garlic ;  cook and stir 1 min . 	Stir in tomatoes and tomato_sauce . 	Bring to boil ,  stirring occasionally . 	Add meatballs to sauce ;  stir to evenly coat . 	Simmer on medium-low heat 10 min . 	or until sauce is slightly thickened . 	Drain spaghetti ;  place on platter . 	Top with meatballs ,  sauce and remaining cheese .
Preheat oven to 425 . 	Roll out half the pastry and press into pie plate . 	Whisk together egg and water . 	Brush half of egg wash over pastry . 	Toss together grapes ,  1/2 cup sugar ,  corn starch ,  salt ,  cinnamon ,  and lemon_juice . 	Pour into pie plate . 	Cut butter into small bits and dot over pie filling . 	Roll out remainder of pie crust and place over filling . 	Crimp edges to seal and cut a few vents in top to allow steam to escape . 	Brush remaining egg wash over pastry and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar . 	Wrap foil around crimped edges of pie and bake 10 minutes . 	Reduce heat to 350 and bake 30-35 minutes longer or until golden . 	Remove foil about 10 minutes before pie is done .
Place the banana ,  tofu ,  sugar ,  cocoa powder ,  soy milk ,  and cinnamon into a blender . 	Cover ,  and puree until smooth . 	Pour into individual serving dishes ,  and refrigerate for 1 hour before serving .
Ice Cream :  Place ice cream in medium bowl and soften slightly at room temperature . 	Stir in chopped Heath bars . 	Cover bowl with plastic wrap and freeze . 	 ( Can be prepared 3 days ahead )  Caramel Sauce :  Bring whipping_cream to simmer in heavy small saucepan . 	Set aside . 	Combine sugar and 3 tablespoons water in heavy medium saucepan . 	Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves . 	Increase heat to high and boil without stirring until caramel is deep amber color . 	brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry brush if sugar crystals form and occasionally swirling pan ,  about 8 minutes . 	Remove from heat and slowly add warm whipping_cream  ( mixture will bubble vigorously )  . 	Return sauce to low heat and stir until smooth . 	Remove from heat and mix in butter . 	 ( Can be prepared 3 days ahead . 	Cover and refrigerate .  ) 	Brownies :  Preheat oven to 350F . 	Butter a 9-inch square baking pan with 2 high sides . 	Combine butter and both chocolates in top of double boiler set over simmering water ;  stir until melted . 	Remove from over water and cool mixture slightly . 	Using electric mixer ,  beat eggs ,  sugar and vanilla in large bowl until slightly thickened ,  about 1 minute . 	Beat in chocolate mixture . 	Add flour ,  baking_powder and salt and mix until combined . 	Stir in 1 cup chopped Heath bars . 	Transfer batter to prepared pan . 	Sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons chopped candy . 	For fudgy consistency ,  bake until tester inserted into center comes out with moist batter still attached ,  about 27 minutes . 	For cake-like texture bake until tester inserted into center comes out with a few moist crumbs attached ,  about 35 minutes . 	Cool . 	 ( Can be prepared 1 day ahead . 	Cover and store at room temperature .  ) 	Rewarm sauce over low heat . 	Cut brownie into 9 pieces . 	Spoon warm caramel sauce onto 8 plates . 	Place 1 brownie in center of each  ( reserve extra brownie for another use )  . 	Surround each with 3 small scoops of ice cream .
Strain juices from canned tomatoes into small saucepan ,  pressing on solids to extract as much liquid as possible  ( 3/4 cup )  . 	Add 1 cup water ,  and bring to a simmer . 	Finely chop tomatoes  ( 1 cup )  ,  and set aside . 	Heat grill pan over high heat ,  and spray with cooking spray . 	Grill green_onions 3 to 5 minutes ,  or until tender and charred . 	Remove from heat ,  and season with salt and pepper ,  if desired . 	Crack 1 egg into small bowl ,  then pour from bowl into simmering tomato water ;  repeat with remaining eggs ,  and poach 2 to 3 minutes for runny yolks ,  4 minutes for firmer yolks . 	Remove eggs from liquid to plate with slotted spoon . 	Spread 2 Tbs . 	chopped tomatoes on each tortilla ,  leaving 2-inch border . 	Place 2 green_onions horizontally in center of each tortilla ;  top with 3 slices of avocado . 	Gently place 1 poached egg in lower third of each tortilla ,  and top each egg with 2 Tbs . 	chopped tomato . 	Fold sides of tortilla over filling ,  then gently roll from bottom up .
Mix all ingredients together until smooth . 	Refrigerate for up to a week .
Adjust oven rack to lower middle position and heat oven to 375 degrees . 	Mix flour through nutmeg in medium bowl ;  set aside . 	Beat butter in large bowl of electric mixer or with handheld mixer at medium speed until light and fluffy ,  1 to 2 minutes . 	Add brown_sugar ,  increase speed to medium-high ,  and beat until combined and fluffy ,  about 1 minute longer . 	Add eggs one at a time ,  beating thoroughly before adding the next . 	Beat in vanilla ,  molasses ,  and sour_cream until thoroughly combined and creamy ,  about 1 minute longer . 	Reduce speed to low ;  beat in buttermilk and half the flour mixture until combined ,  about 1 minute . 	Beat in remaining flour mixture until incorporated and slightly curdled looking ,  about 1 minute longer ,  scraping sides of bowl as necessary . 	Stir in bran and raisins . 	Spray a twelve mold muffin tin  ( each mold measuring 1/2 cup )  or a six mold muffin tin  ( each mold measuring one cup )  with cooking spray or coat lightly with butter ;  divide batter evenly among molds using spoon or ice cream scoop . 	Bake until a toothpick inserted into center withdraws cleanly or with a few moist particles adhering to it ,  about 25 minutes . 	Set on wire rack to cool slightly ,  about 5 minutes . 	Remove muffins from tin and serve warm .
Preheat oven to 200 C . 	Slice mozzarella and tomatoes . 	Chop sun-dried tomatoes . 	Spread mustard on the bottom of the pie_shell and sprinkle the flour on top . 	Layer the fresh tomatoes on the shell and sprinkle the sun-dried tomatoes and pine_nuts on top of the tomato slices . 	Arrange mozzarella slices on top of everything . 	Peel and finely chop the garlic_clove . 	Whisk together eggs and half-and-half . 	Add the chopped garlic ,  chopped basil and seasonings to the egg mixture and whisk to combine . 	Pour the egg mixture into the pie_shell . 	Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown ,  about 40 minutes . 	For a more Greek touch ,  try using feta cheese instead of mozzarella and add a few sliced olives to the pie  ( and remember you'll need less salt in a feta pie : - )  .
Wash tilapia in cold water and pat dry . 	Place in a bowl . 	Pour coconut_juice to cover . 	Cover bowl and refrigerate 2 - 4 hours . 	STUFFING . 	Heat Saute pan . 	Add butter and EVOO . 	Saute celery ,  onion ,  carrot until tender . 	Add garlic and saute 1 minute . 	Add wine and reduce for 1 minute . 	Add lemon juice . 	Add shrimp and spinach . 	Continue cooking until shrimp is pink and spinach is hot . 	Stir in basil ,  corriander ,  lemon_pepper ,  salt ,  pepper . 	Remove from heat ,  put in bowl and allow to cool . 	When cool ,  blend in egg and breadcrumbs . 	POTATOES . 	Wash ,  peel ,  cut in half ,  boil till fork tender . 	Mash thoroughly . 	Add milk ,  butter ,  salt_and_pepper to potatoes and whip until smooth . 	Add more milk if required to be able to spread potato . 	COMBINING . 	Spread 1/2 of the stuffing on one filet and cover with another filet . 	Place on well oiled baking sheet . 	Spread the top with some of the potato mixture . 	Turn over and cover the sides and top  ( like frosting a cake )  . 	Do the same with the other filets . 	Sprinkle with paprika . 	Bake for 20 - 25 minutes until potato is slightly brown .
Beat egg_yolks on medium speed until slightly thickened . 	Add lemon_juice ,  mustard ,  salt ;  beat one minute . 	Increase speed to medium-high ,  add 1/2 cup oil ONE TEASPOON AT A TIME  ( this is very important--or the mayonnaise will  " break "  ie .  ,  separate )  . 	SLOWLY pour in remaining oils in a steady stream ,  beating until incorporated  ( about 10 minutes )  . 	Fold in water ,  lemon_juice and salt . 	Fold in rosemary or basil . 	Serve at room temp ;  refrigerate leftovers for up to a week . 	REPAIR TRICK :  If the mayo does  " break "  salvage the mixture by whisking a single  ( not married !  ) 	egg yolk in another bowl ,  then beat mayo into it a little at a time .
Chop the roasted red pepper into small pieces and set aside . 	You can roast the red pepper yourself or buy a jar of roasted_red_peppers . 	Heat a stainless steel or cast iron frying pan over medium heat for 1 or 2 minutes . 	Don't add any oil . 	Add the pecans to the frying pan and stir occasionally until they begin to give off a nutty smell and they start to turn slightly brown ,  about 5 minutes . 	This brings out their flavor . 	If you are unfamiliar with the process of dry-roasting nuts ,  it is better to remove them too early than too late . 	If they get too brown ,  their flavor will turn bitter . 	When the pecans are done ,  remove them from the heat and set aside . 	In a medium size nonreactive bowl ,  add the freshly squeezed lemon juice  ( removing any seeds )  and the miso . 	Stir until well mixed . 	Grind the pecans in a coffee grinder or food processor and add to the lemon-miso mixture . 	Stir well . 	The sauce should be thick ,  but if it is more like a paste ,  add a tiny bit of water to make it a thick sauce . 	Add the chopped red peppers and stir . 	Add 3/4 of the sauce to the chickpeas and stir well . 	Depending on how light a sauce you like ,  this may be enough . 	If you want the beans thick with sauce ,  add more sauce ,  up to the full amount . 	Any extra sauce can be used over vegetables or brown rice . 	Enjoy !
Clean the fennel_bulbs and trim the roots and the tops . 	Reserve the leaves for soups ,  pestos ,  and anything else that might benefit . 	If using a mature bulb of fennel ,  slice it thinly . 	Rinse the scallops ,  peel off the muscle or foot on their sides ,  and pat them dry . 	Heat a large saucepan over medium high heat . 	Add a glug of extra_virgin_olive_oil and then the fennel . 	Sprinkle with salt and saute ,  stirring often ,  until the fennel's slightly translucent about 5 minutes . 	Remove the fennel to a plate and refresh the olive oil in the pan . 	Season the scallops generously on both sides with more salt . 	Add to the pan and cook for 1 minute until lightly golden on the edges . 	Turn the scallops and add the minced garlic . 	Cook for 1 more minute ,  moving the garlic from time to time so it doesnt burn . 	Return the fennel to the pan and then pour in the white_wine . 	Season with black_pepper and let bubble for 1 2 more minutes until the liquid is reduced by 1/2 . 	Remove from the heat ,  sprinkle in the parsley and lemon juice ,  and swirl the pan to combine . 	Check the seasoning with more salt and pepper if necessary ,  and serve immediately .
Melt butter in a skillet over medium-high heat ;  saute beet ,  carrots ,  daikon_radishes ,  and mushrooms until slightly tender ,  about 5 minutes . 	Cover skillet . 	Cut bottom half off bok_choy and chop . 	Slice bok_choy leaves into ribbons . 	Stir chopped bok_choy into beet mixture ;  cook and stir until bok_choy is tender ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add cardamom and bok_choy leaves ;  cook and stir for 1 minute more .
Mix the mashed_bananas ,  eggs ,  and oil together . 	Set aside . 	Combine flour ,  sugar ,  baking_powder ,  and salt . 	Make a well in the dry ingredients and pour the wet ingredients inches Mix until just combined . 	Don't over mix . 	Fold in blueberries . 	Pour 2/3 full into 12 greased muffin cups . 	Bake at 375 *  F  ( 190 * C )  for 15 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean . 	Cool for several minutes in pan before removing to wire racks to cool completely .
Place steaks in a casserole dish and arrange the mushrooms on top of each . 	Set aside . 	In a skillet ,  over medium heat ,  add the oil and sautee the jalapenos until slightly tender  ( about 4 minutes )  . 	Then ,  add the worcestershire sauce ,  garlic and salt -- heat until it sizzles a bit  ( 1-2 minutes )  . 	Remove from the heat and add the wine ,  mustard and cinnamon -- whisk until blended . 	Pour the skillet contents over the steaks ,  cover with cling wrap and allow to marinate in the refrigerator overnight . 	After marinating overnight ,  remove them from the dish and grill the steaks and portabellos over hot charcoal . 	Baste with the marinade ,  grilling the steaks for about 6 minutes to a side and allowing the portabellos slightly longer . 	Do not baste for the final 3 minutes and discard any extra marinade . 	Serve with some buttery garlic noodles as a side dish  ( I use variations of this recipe :  Recipe #156105 )  . 	NOTE :  The orginal recipe called for HABENERO peppers instead of jalapenos -- that was just WAY too hot for me ,  but if you are so inclined ,  go for it !
In a large bowl ,  beat the ricotta with a hand mixer until smooth and creamy . 	Lightly beat the egg yolks in a small bowl and stir in to the ricotta along with the rum ,  vanilla and maple syrup . 	Sift together the flour and baking_powder and pour into the ricotta mixture . 	In another bowl ,  beat the egg whites with a hand mixer until the peaks are stiff but not dry ;  fold gently and thoroughly into the batter . 	Heat 3-4 inches of peanut_oil in a medium saucepan over just a little higher than medium heat . 	When hot ,  but not smoking ,  form the fritters by dropping scant dessert spoons of the batter into the oil . 	Cook until golden brown ,  turning and cooking on each side ,  about five minutes . 	Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels . 	Serve warm with warm chocolate spice sauce and to make it even more decadent - powdered sugar !
Mix cereal ,  sugar and cinnamon . 	Divide equally between 2 pie plates or other shallow containers . 	Beat eggs with water in another pie plate or shallow bowl . 	Cut pound cake into bite-sized square pieces . 	Press each square in cereal mixture and press coating into cake . 	Dip coated square in egg wash ,  then roll in second container of cereal mixture . 	Again press coating onto cake . 	Freeze coated cake squares on a waxed paper lined baking sheet until solid ,  4 to 6 hours . 	Deep-fry frozen coated cake squares for 45 seconds . 	Sprinkle with powdered_sugar and drizzle with chocolate_syrup . 	Serve with whipped cream and a cherry . 	3 cups all-purpose flour	1/2 teaspoon baking soda	1/2 teaspoon baking powder	1/2 teaspoon salt	5 tablespoons cocoa	1 cup  ( 2 sticks )  butter ,  softened	1/2 cup vegetable shortening	3 cups sugar	5 eggs	1 cup buttermilk	1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract	Special equipment :  10-inch bundt pan	Preheat oven to 325 degrees F . 	Grease and flour a 10-inch bundt pan . 	Sift together flour ,  baking soda ,  baking powder ,  salt ,  and cocoa and set aside . 	Using an electric mixer ,  cream together butter ,  shortening ,  and sugar until fluffy . 	Add eggs ,  1 at a time ,  and mix well after each addition . 	Add flour and buttermilk alternately to butter mixture ,  beginning and ending with flour . 	Add vanilla and mix well . 	Pour batter into prepared pan . 	Bake for 1 hour and 45 minutes or until cake is done . 	Remove from oven and allow cake to cool in pan for 10 minutes . 	Invert onto cake plate and serve . 	Yield :  16 servings
Heat the oil in a Dutch oven or stockpot ,  add the onions ,  potatoes ,  fennel ,  salt ,  and pepper ,  and saute over medium-low heat for 15 minutes ,  until the onions begin to brown . 	Add the wine and scrape up the brown bits with a wooden spoon . 	Add the tomatoes with their juices ,  stock ,  garlic ,  and saffron to the pot ,  bring to a boil ,  then lower the heat and simmer uncovered for 15 minutes ,  until the potatoes are tender . 	Add the shrimp ,  fish ,  and mussels ,  bring to a boil ,  then lower the heat ,  cover ,  and cook for 5 minutes . 	Turn off the heat and allow the pot to sit covered for another 5 minutes . 	The fish and shrimp should be cooked and the mussels opened . 	Discard any mussels that don't open . 	Stir in the Pernod ,  orange_zest ,  and salt ,  to taste . 	Serve ladled over 1 or 2 slices of toasted baguette . 	Warm the oil in the pan over medium heat . 	Add the shrimp shells ,  onions ,  carrots ,  and celery over medium heat for 15 minutes ,  until lightly browned . 	Add the garlic and cook 2 more minutes . 	Add 1 12 quarts of water ,  the white_wine ,  tomato_paste ,  salt ,  pepper ,  and thyme . 	Bring to a boil ,  then reduce the heat and simmer for 1 hour . 	Strain through a sieve ,  pressing the solids . 	You should have approximately 1 quart of stock . 	If not ,  you can make up the difference with water or white_wine . 	Yield :  1 quart
1 . 	Preheat oven to 375F  ( 190C )  . 	2 . 	Bake one pie shell according to package directions . 	Remove the second pie shell from the foil pan and place on a lightly floured work surface . 	Using a 2  ( 5 cm )  gingerbread man-shaped cookie cutter ,  cut 8-10 pieces and place on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet . 	Brush lightly with egg and bake for 10 minutes or until golden brown . 	Remove from the oven and cool . 	3 . 	Heat butter and brown_sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat ,  stirring occasionally until bubbly . 	Whisk in cream and molasses and stir until it begins to simmer . 	4 . 	Whisk together egg_yolks ,  cornstarch ,  spices and salt in a small bowl . 	Slowly add a small amount of the hot mixture into the egg mixture ,  stirring constantly . 	Add the egg mixture back into the hot cream mixture and continue to stir over medium heat until thickened and just starting to boil . 	5 . 	Pour the filling into the baked pie shell . 	Cover the surface with plastic wrap directly on the filling and chill until set ,  at least four hours . 	6 . 	Decorate the gingerbread man pastry shapes with icing . 	Arrange shapes on top with whipped_topping just before serving .
Heat the oven to 350F . 	Spray a 12 x 17-inch jelly-roll pan with nonstick_cooking_spray . 	Line the pan with parchment paper . 	Butter the parchment and dust it with flour ,  tapping out any excess . 	Sift the 1 1/4 cups of flour ,  the baking_powder ,  baking_soda ,  and salt onto a piece of parchment paper . 	Put 3/4 cup of the sugar ,  the almond_paste ,  and the poppy_seeds into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment . 	Mix on medium-low speed until the mixture looks like wet sand . 	Increase the speed to medium-high . 	Add the butter and mix for 2 minutes or until light and fluffy . 	Add the egg yolks and vanilla and mix well . 	Add the flour mixture in 2 batches ,  alternating with the milk . 	Transfer to a large bowl and set aside . 	In a large bowl ,  whip the egg whites until foamy . 	Gradually add the remaining 1/4 cup sugar ,  beating until soft peaks form . 	Fold one third of the egg whites into the batter with a rubber spatula . 	Gently fold in the remaining egg whites . 	Spread the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the top . 	Bake for 15 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean . 	Transfer the pan to a wire rack and let the cake cool completely . 	Turn the cake out onto a work surface and carefully remove the parchment paper . 	Cut the cake in half crosswise and spread one half of the cake with the jam ;  top with the remaining cake half . 	Refrigerate the cake for 1 hour . 	Trim the sides of the cake and cut the cake into 1 1/2-inch squares . 	Transfer the cake squares to a wire rack set over a rimmed baking sheet . 	In a bowl set over simmering water ,  combine 1/2 cup water with the confectioners sugar ,  corn syrup ,  and vanilla ,  almond ,  and lemon_extracts . 	Whisk until the glaze is very warm and smooth . 	Let cool for about 8 minutes before using to coat the cake squares . 	Ladle the glaze over each piece of cake ,  spreading it over the top and sides to coat completely and letting the excess drip onto the baking sheet . 	If the glaze becomes too thick ,  add hot water ,  1 teaspoon at a time ,  to loosen it . 	 ( The excess icing that drips onto the baking sheet can be scraped off ,  reheated ,  strained ,  and reused .  ) 	Let the cakes dry completely . 	In a medium bowl ,  beat together the shortening and butter with an electric mixer . 	Gradually add the confectioners sugar ,  1 cup at a time ,  beating well on medium speed after each addition and scraping the sides and bottom of the bowl often . 	When all the sugar is mixed in ,  the icing will appear dry . 	Add the milk and beat at medium speed until light and fluffy . 	Keep the bowl covered with a damp cloth . 	Divide the icing between 2 bowls ,  one with one third of the icing and the other with two thirds of the icing . 	With the food_coloring ,  tint the larger amount red and the other green . 	Put the icings into parchment paper cones or resealable food-storage bags with a tiny corner cut off . 	When the cakes are completely dry ,  pipe poppies onto each cake piece . 	If desired ,  place a few poppy_seeds in the center of each blossom .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Toast bread on baking sheet till golden brown . 	Cold . 	Cover raisins in warm water and soak . 	Combine sugar ,  corstarch ,  cinnamon ,  salt ,  and nutmeg . 	Whisk Large eggs then gradually whisk in sugar mix . 	Whisk in sugar mix ,  lowfat milk ,  vanilla . 	Spread toast in a 13x9 glass baking dish . 	Pour egg mix over bread . 	Drain raisins and sprinkle over top . 	Bake 50 min till top is golden brown and center is just set . 	Let stand at least 10 min .
Just follow our 2 simple steps	Spread 2 sourdough_bread slices with 1 Tbsp . 	Miracle_Whip Original Spread ;  drizzle with Kraft Barbecue Sauce . 	Layer 1 bread slice with 2 oz . 	shaved ham ,  1 Cracker Barrel Swiss Cheese Slice ,  2 Tbsp . 	well-drained crushed pineapple and lettuce ;  cover with second bread slice .
Preheat the oven to 350 F .  Slice the beets thinly with a mandolin or sharp knife . 	I would recommend using a mandolin to slice the beets . 	They work best when they are sliced very thinly . 	Put the beets into a bowl . 	Toss the beets with olive_oil ,  salt and pepper . 	Place on a baking sheet that youve lined with foilmake sure to put them in a single layer . 	Cover the top of the sheet with foil and add a second baking sheet to the top . 	Put the sheet into the preheated oven and cook for 25 minutes . 	Then remove the top baking sheet and foil and rotate the pan . 	Cook for 15-20 minutes until slightly dried out . 	Cool on a wire rack  ( the chips will crisp up as they cool )  . 	Slightly adapted from Martha Stewart .
Preheat oven to 375 F . 	Put the beef cubes into a bowl and toss with flour ,  1/2 tablespoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper . 	Add half of the olive_oil into the bottom of a large oven-safe pot and heat on high heat . 	Add beef in a layer and sear for about a minute or two before flipping . 	Turn heat to medium and sear on all sides for a minute or two then remove beef from pot to a plate . 	Turn to medium-low and add the other half of the olive_oil . 	Then add mushrooms . 	Cook mushrooms until soft . 	Add the onions and mix around until onions have softened and started to really caramelize . 	Get all the bits from the bottom of the pot while mixing . 	Add the garlic and mix . 	Cook for another minute . 	Mix in beef ,  remainder of salt and pepper ,  paprika ,  thyme ,  tomato_paste and Worcestershire_sauce . 	Add tomatoes and red chili pepper ,  and mix in . 	Add beef_broth and mix in . 	Place lid on top of pot and place in the oven for 45 to 60 minutes or until beef is tender . 	When done ,  remove pot from oven . 	Add chopped parsley and mix . 	Serve on top of pasta as pictured or even on top of mashed potatoes or polenta ! 	For the pasta :  Boil a large pot of water . 	Add plenty of salt and add pasta . 	Cook for about 7 minutes or according to your package instructions for al dente . 	Drain and serve .
In a small mixing bowl beat the cream_cheese until smooth . 	Add the remaining ingredients and mix until they are incorperated . 	Serve with fruit ,  Keep leftovers stored ,  covered in the fridge .
In a large bowl combine the masa ,  pumpkin and sugar . 	Add the vanilla ,  mace ,  cinnamon ,  and raisins and mix until well blended . 	To assemble the tamales ,  place 2 - 3 heaping tablespoons of the masa mixture in the net of the smooth side of the corn husk . 	Fold the sides of the husk in toward the center and tie the tamale at both ends . 	Prick the husk several times using the tip of a very sharp knife . 	Repeat for the remaining tamales . 	Steam the tamales for 45 - 50 minutes . 	Serve with a dollop of crema .
Preheat oven to 350F  ( 180C Cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy . 	Add bananas and eggs and beat until well mixed . 	Mix dry ingredients and blend with banana mixture ,  but do not overmix . 	Pour into 2 lightly greased loaf pans or a bundt pan . 	Bake 55 minutes to 1 hour ;  test for doneness  ( toothpick inserted in middle and comes out clean )  and cool on rack for 10 minutes before removing from pans . 	Freezes beautifully .
Spread muffin halves with Cheez Whiz . 	Top each muffin half with broccoli and tomatoes .
Cream butter and sugar . 	Add in Large eggs ,  add in vanilla . 	Beat well . 	Sift flour ,  soda ,  baking pwdr and salt . 	Add in flour alternately with lowfat sour cream . 	Spread 1/2 of batter in greased 9 x 13-inch pan . 	Add in 1/2 topping ,  add in rest of batter and top with remainder of topping . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 35 min . 	Can bake in muffin tins 350 degrees about 20 min .
Let 3 tubs of tofu come to room temperature . 	Squeeze tofu into small bits with your hands ,  mixing in thyme ,  sage and onion_powder as you squeeze . 	This is fun . 	Good job for kids . 	Wet cheesecloth ,  wring it out and smoothly line colander with itno wrinkles . 	Dump in the crumbled tofu ,  and press it into sides and bottom of colander ,  making a bowl within a bowl . 	The tofu bowl should be about 1-inch thick and almost reach the top of the colander . 	Hunt around ,  and find a bowl that will fit perfectly inside the tofu bowl . 	Gently press it into the colander . 	It will make an expressive sound . 	Dig through your pantry ,  and find something heavy  ( can of peaches ?  ) 	to press the bowl into the tofu bowl to help tofu drain . 	Tuck corners of cheesecloth over top of tofu to keep edges from drying out . 	Stand the colander/cheesecloth/tofu/bowl/weight construction in a dish to catch liquid . 	Refrigerate overnight . 	Preheat oven to 375F . 	Prepare stuffing according to package directions . 	Remove weight and bowl from colander . 	Fill tofu hollow with stuffing . 	Crumble remaining tofu ,  and use to cover stuffing ,  pressing flat to edges of colander . 	Find a large oven-to-table baking dish . 	Place dish over colander . 	Hold tightly ,  invoke the spirit of good cooks ,  and invert colander so tofu-turkey drops gently onto dish . 	Peel off cheesecloth to reveal ,  uh ,  half a big ,  white basketball . 	Combine tamari ,  olive_oil and sesame_oil in bowl ,  and baste tofu-turkey with brush . 	 ( Now its a big golden-brown basketball . 	Much better .  ) 	Bake 15 minutes . 	Baste again . 	Reduce oven to 350F ,  and bake 1 hour ,  basting as inspired . 	To serve ,  cut once across the middle and then into slabs about 1  &  1/2-inches thick . 	The turkeys thank you !
Combine barley ,  onions ,  carrots ,  celery ,  meatballs and spinach in stock . 	Add salt and pepper and bring to a boil . 	Cook uncovered for 45 minutes or until the barley is tender . 	In small bowl ,  mix eggs lightly . 	Stir slowly into soup until they are like egg dumplings . 	Remove from heat ,  cover and let stand for 30 minutes before serving .
In a nonreactive dish large enough to accommodate the meat in one layer ,  combine the yogurt ,  hoisin_sauce ,  garlic ,  gingerroot and pepper ,  and add the medallions ,  turning to coat them on all sides . 	Cover and refrigerate for two to three days ,  turning twice during this time . 	For the pancakes ,  place half of the beans in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel chopping blade . 	Pour in the water and Sherry and process until smooth . 	Add the eggs ,  process until blended ,  then scrape the mixture into a bowl . 	Stir in the remaining beans ,  scallions ,  garlic ,  sesame seeds ,  oil ,  gingerroot ,  Tabasco_sauce and salt . 	Sprinkle the flour onto the mixture ,  a tablespoon at a time ,  beating it with a fork until blended . 	Turn your oven to warm . 	Lightly grease a large ,  heavy skillet with oil and heat until it is hot . 	Pour in one tablespoon of the batter for each pancake . 	Cook them over medium-high heat until the edges begin to brown ,  about 30 to 45 seconds . 	Turn with a spatula and cook the second side for 30 seconds . 	Transfer the cooked pancakes to a warm plate ,  loosely cover it and place it in the oven . 	Continue until all the batter has been used . 	Heat a well-seasoned cast-iron or heavy skillet until it is very hot . 	Add enough oil to lightly film the pan . 	Place only as many medallions in the pan as will fit comfortably without crowding . 	Cook the meat over high heat for about four to four-and-a-half minutes on the first side ,  turn and cook three-and-a-half to four minutes on the second side for medium-rare . 	Transfer the meat to heated plates . 	Serve with three to four pancakes . 	Slice the reserved scallion tops and use them as garnish .
Slice cornbread in half ,  placing the baked sides up on a plate . 	Heat pan on medium ,  pouring or dropping oil or lard in once it's hot . 	Fry each piece on baked side first . 	Flip ,  fry on other side . 	Serve with warmed maple_syrup .
Make a marinade by whisking together egg_white ,  1 Tbs . 	cornstarch ,  and 1 Tbs . 	rice_wine or dry sherry . 	Slice the flank steak thinly against the grain and stir into the marinade . 	Marinate for 1 hour in the fridge . 	Make the sauce by whisking together 1 Tbs . 	cornstarch ,  1 Tbs . 	rice_wine ,  1 Tbs . 	soy_sauce ,  3 Tbs . 	oyster_sauce ,  2 teaspoons sesame_oil and 3/4 Celsius chicken_broth . 	Heat 1/2 Tbs . 	oil in a wok or deep skillet on Med-Hi heat . 	Drain the excess marinade from the steak and stir the steak into the wok until lightly browned . 	About 1 minute . 	Remove the steak and set aside . 	Add 1 Tbs . 	water to the wok . 	Stir in the garlic ,  ginger and onion and cook for 30 seconds . 	Add the broccoli and carrot and cook covered for 4 minutes . 	Add the sauce and steak and cook uncovered until the broccoli is tender crisp . 	About 3 more minutes . 	Serve over rice .
Slice bread loaf in half lengthwise . 	Place bread on a baking sheet and broil for about 1 minute till lightly toasted . 	Combine garlic and remaining ingredients in a bowl and whisk together . 	Spread over toasted bread and serve immediately . 	Chefs Notes :  Olives have some fat in them but it is supposed to be the good kind of fat .
Mix flour and milk thoroughly . 	Avoid lumps . 	In a dutch oven or large pot bring the milk to the boil stirring constantly to thicken . 	In another pot combine the meat together with the breadcrumbs and some of the thickened milk to moisten . 	Cook over a gentle heat to thicken and then cool . 	In a skillet over medium heat combine the mushrooms ,  lemon juice and shallots . 	Cook until most of the moisture from the mushrooms has evaporated . 	Thoroughly mix all ingredients together ,  using as much of the thickened milk mixture to create the desired consistency . 	Stuff the mixture into sausage skins . 	Knot one end then stuff using a funnel ,  pushing it into the skin  ( traditionally intestine )  towards the knotted end . 	When the sausage is about 4 inches long twist several times to seal it and repeat . 	In a large pot of boiling water seasoned as desired  ( eg . 	chives ,  bay leaves ,  peppers )  poach the sausages under barely simmering for at least 15 minutes ,  or until no more fat comes out when pricked . 	Drain and allow to cool completely . 	Quatre-epices Is a mixture of ground white_pepper ,  nutmeg ,  ginger and cloves . 	Sometime cinnamon is used instead of ginger and sometimes allspice is used instead of the white_pepper . 	The amounts of each spices varies from region to region .
Heat oven to 325F  ( 160C )  . 	Grease a tube pan . 	Mix oil  &  sugar in lg mixing bowl . 	Add eggs ,  flour ,  soda ,  vanilla ,   &  salt . 	Beat with electric mixer until well blended  &  mixture is stiff . 	Stir in apples ,  coconuts ,   &  pecans . 	Spoon into cake pan ,  bake for 1 1/2 hrs . 	Topping :  Mix all ingredients well . 	Bring to a boil for 2 min . 	Pour over hot cake .
Season chicken with salt_and_pepper . 	In a large frying pan or casserole ,  heat butter over medium-low heat . 	Add chicken and cook for 5 minutes . 	Turn chicken ,  adding onions and garlic . 	Cook for 5-7 minutes longer ,  until onion is softened ,  but not browned . 	Sprinkle flour over chicken and toss for 1 minute . 	Add wine ,  tarragon and 1 cup of water . 	Cover and simmer for 20 minutes ,  until tender . 	Remove chicken to a serving platter . 	Cover with foil to keep warm . 	Boil sauce in pan ,  stirring often ,  until reduced by half ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add cream and simmer for 3 minutes . 	Season with salt_and_pepper to taste . 	Pour over chicken and serve .
Melt butter in medium frying pan . 	Add onions and celery and saute until soft . 	Meahwhile ,  in a small bowl ,  lightly beat egg_yolks with salt and red pepper flakes and set aside . 	Add flour to pan ,  and mix well . 	Immediately add evaporated_milk gradually ,  stirring constantly to thin flour mixture . 	Add regular milk ,  stirring constantly ,  until completely incorporated . 	Add egg yolk mixture ,  mix well ,  and cook 10 minutes ,  stirring frequently . 	Remove from heat ;  add the crab and shrimp and mix well . 	Add 8 oz . 	of the cheese and mix well . 	Pour mixture into a well-greased 3-quart casserole dish . 	Sprinkle remaining cheese over the top . 	Bake uncovered at 375F for 15 minutes ,  until cheese melts .
Heat chocolate and cream in a saucepan over lowest heat ,  stirring until almost melted . 	Remove from heat and stir until smooth . 	Add vinegar and stir . 	Chill ,  uncovered ,  for about 1 hour until just fim enough to form into balls . 	Form into balls ,  using 2 teaspoons for each . 	Roll each ball in chocolate_sprinkles until coated and place on wax paper-lined baking sheet . 	Chill until firm and set ,  about 4 hours . 	Enjoy !
Combine bacon ,  tomato ,  onion , Swiss Cheese ,  mayonnaise and basil in a bowl and mix well . 	Separate each dough round into 3 layers . 	Press one layer into each greased miniature muffin cup . 	 ( I line mine with rounds of pastry )  . 	Spoon the filling into each cup . 	Bake at 375 * F for 10 to 12 minutes or until edges are brown .
Prepare charcoal fire . 	Rub cedar board with oil . 	Place salmon on the cedar board and cook on hot grill for about 12 minutes . 	For inside cooking ,  put the board on a large griddle or bake in a 400 degrees F oven for 12 minutes .
Cook mixed_vegetables according to package directions ,  omitting salt and fat . 	Drain . 	Combine cooked mixed_vegetables ,  cheese ,  water chestnuts ,  onion ,  and mayonnaise_substitute ,  stirring gently . 	Spoon mix into a 1 1/2 qt casserole dish coated with cooking spray . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 20 min or possibly till thoroughly heated . 	Yield :  8 servings . 	Each serving :  1/2 c .  . 	Exchanges :  1 starch . 	79 calories . 	12 gm . 	carbohydrates ,  4 gm . 	protein ,  1 gm . 	fat ,  1 gm . 	fiber ,  177 mg .  sodium ,  4 mg .  cholesterol .
Filling Preparation :  Chop cabbage ,  add salt and let stand for 1/2 hour . 	Squeeze all juice out . 	In a frying pan ,  put 1/2 cup oil or shortening . 	Put in cabbage and fry for about 3/4 hour . 	Stir continually until just lightly browned  ( so the cabbage takes on a sweeter ,  caramelized taste )  . 	Then let cool . 	Pasty Preparation :  Soften yeast cake in 1/2 cup warm_water . 	Add shortening to 1 cup milk and warm together . 	Beat eggs slightly ,  mix with the milk ,  and add 1/2 cup water ,  sugar and salt . 	Add to the yeast mixture . 	Add 3 cups flour ,  mix well ,  and let rise about 1/2 hour . 	Mix in as much of the remaining flour  ( 4-5 cups ) to get a good ,  non-sticky dough suitable for rolling . 	Let rise again and punch down . 	Assembly :  Roll dough into pasty sized circles  ( about a 4-6 inch circle ,  but you can make them smaller for appetizers ,  and larger for lunch on the go --  )  and spread your cabbage filling on half of the dough ,  almost to the edge . 	Fold dough over and pinch edges together to seal . 	Brush with an egg wash  ( makes a nice ,  shiny brown crust )  and prick with fork as for pie . 	Bake on greased cookie sheets at 375F for 20-30 minutes . 	Brush the finished pasties with melted butter .
1 . 	Preheat oven 350F . 	Pulse flour ,  2/3 cup sugar ,  espresso powder ,  baking_powder ,  and salt in a food processor . 	Add butter and pulse until mixture is sandy . 	Transfer to a large bowl . 	2 . 	Whisk eggs ,  water ,  and vanilla in a small bowl ;  stir into flour mixture until a crumbly dough forms . 	Press together and knead to a moist ,  uniform dough . 	Knead in cashews . 	3 . 	Line a baking sheet with parchment paper . 	Divide dough in half and place on prepared baking sheet . 	Shape dough into two 11 by 2 inch logs ,  keeping 3 inches between logs . 	Brush each log with egg_white and sprinkle 2 teaspoons sugar over top and sides of each . 	Bake for 30 minutes . 	4 . 	Cool biscotti for 5 minutes on baking sheet . 	Transfer logs to a cutting board and ,  cut 1/2-inch thick slices using a sharp serrated knife . 	Lay on baking sheet and bake ,  turning half way though ,  for 25 minutes . 	Transfer to a wire rack to cool . 	Store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks . 	Calories :  80	Total Fat :  4 . 5 grams	Saturated Fat :  1 . 5 grams	Total Carbohydrate :  9 grams	Protein :  2 grams	Sodium :  75 milligrams	Cholesterol :  15 milligrams	Fiber :  0 grams
Try your hand at swirling two colorful purees into this universal symbol ! 	Place corn in a blender with 1 cup water and 1/4 teaspoon salt . 	Blend until smooth ,  remove mixture to a bowl and set aside . 	Place spinach in a blender with 1 cup water and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt . 	Blend until smooth ,  remove mixture to a second bowl and set aside . 	In a separate bowl ,  mix cornstarch with 1 cup water until blended . 	Heat 1/2 teaspoon oil in a saucepan over medium heat . 	Add corn puress . 	Add half of cornstarch mixture ,  stirring until smooth . 	Then empty contents into a large 2-quart serving bowl . 	Clean pan and heat remaining 1/2 teaspoon oil over medium heat . 	Add spinach puree and stir . 	Mix in remaining half of cornstarch mixture . 	Pour spinach mixture into corn mixture and swirl to create desired design . 	 ( Each vegetable puree will hold its shape )  . 	Serve warm .
The oil you use is up to you ,  and you can use one oil or a combination of oils ;  try using just canola_oil the first time you make this ,  but using 1 cup canola_oil and 1/4 cup olive oil is nice ,  too . 	Also note that if you want a very thick mayonnaise ,  don't use one egg :  use two egg yolks instead . 	Okay ,  note number three :  according to the folks at Cuisinart ,  you can substitute 2 tbsp of Egg Beaters for the raw egg ;  you OMIT the lemon juice/vinegar when you do this ;  I have never done this myself ,  mind you ,  so I can't vouch for the taste of the results . 	Okay ,  let's make mayo . 	Into your food processor  ( fitted with the metal blade ,  with the food pusher left in )  ,  place the egg ,  lemon juice ,  mustard ,  and ONE TBSP of the oil . 	Process for one minute only . 	The food pusher in your food processor should have a small hole in its bottom ;  that is for recipes like this one . 	The next step is to place 1/4 cup of the oil in the food pusher ;  with the machine running ,  let this small amount of oil dribble through . 	Turn machine off and remove food pusher ;  then turn back on and SLOWLY pour remaining oil in . 	When done ,  taste ;  add salt and/or pepper if you wish . 	If you want a herby mayo ,  add 1/4 cup lightly packed fresh herbs  ( try parsley )  in at the beginning ,  along with the egg . 	Keep mayo refrigerated . 	Note that this is REAL mayo ,  not the commercial stuff loaded with preservatives ,  and foods prepared with it shouldn't be left at room temperature too long .
In a slow cooker container combine chicken ,  chicken broth ,  water ,  lemon_pepper and parsley flakes . 	Stir in onion ,  celery ,  carrots and mushrooms . 	Cover and cook on LOW 8 hours Stir well before serving .
Combine the yeast ,  sugar ,  and warm_water in a small bowl ;  set aside until foamy ,  5 to 15 minutes . 	 ( If the yeast doesnt bubble up ,  discard the mixture and start again with fresh ingredients .  ) 	In a large bowl ,  combine the chick-pea flour and salt and add the yeast mixture . 	Gradually sprinkle in cold water 1 tablespoon at a time to make a soft dough that easily pulls away from the sides of the bowl . 	Knead the bread for 10 minutes on a lightly floured work surface . 	Return the dough to the bowl ,  cover ,  and set aside to rise in a warm place until doubled ,  1 hour . 	Place 2 baking sheets in the oven . 	Preheat the oven to 425F . 	Divide the dough into 4 balls . 	Roll out each ball on a lightly floured surface into an 18-inch long oblong ,  between 1/4 and 1/2 inch thick . 	Divide the cumin seeds among the 4 breads . 	When the baking sheets are very hot ,  remove ,  sprinkle each lightly with chick-pea flour ,  and place 1 loaf on each tray . 	Bake each bread until golden ,  8 to 10 minutes . 	Repeat with the remaining 2 loaves . 	Serve warm or at room temperature .
Steak :  Combine first 6 ingredients in glass baking dish . 	Add steak and turn to coat . 	Cover and marinate overnight ,  turning occasionally . 	For Sauce :  Mix first 3 ingredients in small bowl . 	Season with generous amount of pepper . 	 ( Can be prepared 1 day ahead . 	Cover and refrigerate . 	 )  . 	Prepare barbecue  ( high heat )  . 	Drain steak . 	Pour marinade into small saucepan and boil 2 minute . 	Season steak with generous amount of pepper . 	Grill to desired doneness ,  basting occasionally with marinade ,  about 6 minutes per side for rare . 	Transfer steak to plate and let stand at least 15 minutes . 	Cut steak across grain into thin diagonal slices . 	Serve with horseradish sauce .
Add ice_cubes to pitcher . 	Pour the seltzer in and mix in the limoncello . 	Pour into individual glasses . 	Garnish with a lemon slice on the rim of each glass .
When choosing chicken organs ,  please make sure theyre organic and from a farm you trust . 	Rinse them in a colander and let them dry slightly while making the dredge . 	Heat 2 Tablespoons of grapeseed or peanut_oil in a large skillet . 	These oils can withstand higher temperatures and wont burn as quickly . 	You will know the oil is ready when it thins and spreads out in the pan . 	In a shallow dish ,  combine flour ,  salt and finely grated cheese . 	Im sure any hard_cheese will do . 	I love Manchego ,  but you can use Comte ,  Gruyere or Parmesan if you prefer . 	Thoroughly coat the livers and hearts in the flour mixture and spoon them onto the skillet . 	The oil should sizzle ,  but not sputter . 	If it is sputtering ,  please turn the heat down to a sizzle . 	Cook about 5 minutes on each side ,  or until browned to your liking . 	Let them dry on paper towels and taste before adding any extra salt .
Heat the butter in a pan . 	Add in the bacon and onion and cook for 2-3 min . 	Add in the mushrooms and cook for a further 2-3 min . 	Combine the soup mix and lowfat milk . 	Stir into the onion mix . 	Bring to the boil ,  stirring constantly ,  then simmer for 3-4 min . 	Stir occasionally . 	Stir in the potatoes and parsley . 	Cold . 	Divide the mix amongst 4 individual round ovenproof dishes . 	Cover with a circle of pastry cut to fit the top of each dish . 	Bake in a preheated oven ,  220 C ,  for 15-20 min or possibly till the pastry is golden .
Preheat oven to 400 . 	Saute crumbled sausage over medium-high heat for 6-8 minutes . 	Add chilies and bell pepper ;  cook 2-3 minutes or until vegetables are soft . 	Remove skillet from heat . 	Stir in cream cheese ,  sour cream ,  shredded_cheddar_cheese and cajun_seasoning . 	Pour into 9x9 "  baking dish . 	Bake uncovered 15-20 minutes . 	Sprinkle with green_onions and serve with sliced french baguette bread .
Mix the first four ingredients and spread into a round pan  ( I use a pie plate )  . 	Spread salsa over top . 	Top with crabmeat . 	Refrigerate overnight .
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F .  Prepare a large baking sheet with parchment paper . 	Heat the butter in a large skillet over medium heat until melted . 	Add the apples ,  sugar ,  cinnamon and lemon_juice . 	Cook over medium heat ,  stirring occasionally ,  until the apples are soft ,  10 to 15 minutes . 	Remove from the heat and let the filling cool ,  about 15 minutes . 	Cut the Whole Wheat Pie Crust into 8 equal pieces . 	On a lightly floured surface ,  roll each piece into a 5-inch round . 	Spoon 2 tablespoons filling slightly off center of each round . 	Fold each round over the filling to make a half-moon shape . 	Seal by pressing the edges with the tines of a fork . 	Prick or slice the top of each pie 2 or 3 times to vent . 	Bake until golden ,  about 20 minutes . 	A little of the filling may bubble out . 	Cool on the baking sheet on a rack ,  about 5 minutes . 	Serve warm or at room temperature and garnish with mint if desired . 	Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F . 	In a medium bowl ,  whisk the flour ,  sugar ,  flaxseed meal ,  cinnamon ,  baking_powder and salt . 	Place the mixture into a food processor and add the butter and lemon zest . 	Pulse until the butter and lemon zest begin to make the mixture crumbly . 	Drizzle in the water while you pulse the dough until it starts to pull away from the side of the bowl . 	Divide the dough in half and shape each half into a disk . 	On a floured surface ,  roll each disk out until about 1-inch thick . 	Wrap the disks in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour . 	When ready to use the dough ,  remove 1 disk from the fridge and let stand for 10 minutes . 	Reserve the other disk for another use . 	Cook's Note :  To add more flavor and richness to this dough ,  you can grind up pecans or walnuts to a fine texture and sprinkle about 1 tablespoon over the center your dough as you are rolling it out . 	This will add a nice nutty and buttery flavor to the whole wheat crust . 	Yield :  2 doughs .
Mix crumbs ,  1 cup sugar  ( or 1/2 cup sugar for trial recipe )  ,  1 cup nuts  ( or 1/2 cup nuts for trial recipe )  and cinnamon . 	Add butter ;  mix well . 	Divide into 2 half-sheet pans  ( or place all in 1 half-sheet pan for trial recipe )  ;  press evenly onto bottoms of pans . 	Bake in 350 degrees F-convection oven 8 min . 	 ;  cool completely . 	Beat cream_cheese and remaining 3 cups sugar  ( or remaining 1-1/2 cups sugar for trial recipe )  with electric mixer until creamy . 	Carefully spread over crust ;  top with pineapple . 	Slice bananas evenly over pineapple . 	Pour half-and-half into large mixing bowl . 	Add dry pudding mix ;  beat 2 min . 	or until well blended . 	Add 1 qt . 	whipped_topping  ( or 2 cups whipped_topping for trial recipe )  ;  mix well . 	Spread over bananas ;  cover with remaining 1-1/2 qt . 	whipped_topping  ( or with remaining 3 cups whipped_topping for trial recipe )  . 	Refrigerate 5 hours . 	Cut dessert in each half sheet pan into 24 portions . 	Drizzle each dessert plate with 2 tsp . 	each chocolate sauce and ice cream topping ;  top with serving of dessert . 	Sprinkle each with 2 tsp . 	nuts ;  top with cherry .
1 . 	Preheat broiler . 2 . 	Sprinkle lamb with salt and pepper . 	Place lamb on a broiler pan coated with cooking_spray ;  broil 4 minutes on each side or until desired degree of doneness . 	Keep warm . 3 . 	Combine preserves ,  broth ,  juice ,  and garlic in a small microwave-safe bowl . 	Microwave at HIGH 20 seconds ;  stir in mint . 	Serve with lamb .
Preheat oven to 400F . 	Use the point of a knife and your fingers to carefully separate the skin from the meat of the chicken across the breast and over the tops of the legs . 	Just loosen the skin with the knife ,  then carefully run your fingers underneath . 	Try not to tear the skin . 	Grate the lime and beat the rind into the cream cheese along with the chopped pepper . 	Pack the cream cheese stuffing under the skin of the chicken ,  using a teaspoon ,  until fairly evenly distributed . 	Push the skin back into place ,  then smooth out the stuffing into an even layer by gently rubbing your hands over the skin . 	Put the chicken in a roasting pan and squeeze the juice from the lime all over top . 	Roast for 1 1/2 hours ,  or until the chicken is cooked through . 	If the top of the chicken becomes too browned ,  cover the chicken with foil towards the end of the cooking time . 	Carve the chicken ,  spoon the pan juices over top ,  and serve .
Cut a slit in the side of each garlic clove . 	Place them in a microwaveable bowl ,  cover with plastic wrap ,  poke holes in the top and microwave for 30 seconds on high . 	Cool until handleable ,  then slip off the papery husks . 	One by one ,  drop the garlic_cloves into a running food processor ,  letting each get thoroughly chopped before adding the next . 	Add the chile powder ,  cumin ,  black pepper ,  vinegar ,  salt and water and pulse to blend . 	Place the meat in a large crock pot . 	Scrape the marinade onto the meat ,  then spread it sloppily over the top and sides . 	Pour enough water into the slow-cooker to cover the lower 1/2 inch of roast . 	Cover and slow cook on high for 6 hours or until meat is tender . 	Carefully remove meat with a slotted spoon onto a large plate ,  pulling away the bones . 	Degrease the cooking broth and boil it down in a saucepan to concentrate the flavors . 	Ladle it over the meat and garnish with the onions and cilantro .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees  ( 200 C .  )  . 	Grease a cookie sheet or spray with nonstick spray . 	Lightly cream molasses and butter . 	Mix in egg and vanilla . 	In a separate bowl ,  combine flour ,  baking_soda ,  and cereal . 	Add to the butter mixture ;  blend . 	Add milk . 	Drop on the cookie sheet 2 inches apart . 	Bake 10 to 12 minutes .
Cook bacon over medium heat in skillet until cooked to your liking . 	Slice bun and add mayonnaise and mustard  ( optional )  . 	Lay lettuce and tomato on top of bottom bun . 	Cook veggie_burger according to manufacturer's directions  ( I use the microwave )  . 	Lay cheese on top of veggie_burger and heat until slightly melted . 	Split bacon in half cross-wise and lay on top of veggie_burger . 	Add to bottom bun and top with top bun . 	Enjoy  : - )  .
In a large skillet over medium heat ,  saute garlic and red_pepper_flakes in oil 1 minute . 	Add zucchini ,  turn heat to high and stir fry 1 minute . 	Add broth through lemon zest ,  turn heat back to medium and simmer 5 minutes . 	Stir in cannelini and heat through  ( about 1 minute )  . 	Remove from heat ,  season with salt and pepper ,  and stir in lemon juice . 	Add tomatoes ,  cooked rotini ,  and basil ;  toss to mix thoroughly . 	Transfer to bowls and top with grated parmesan .
Pour 2 cups of the dressing  ( or 1 cup of the dressing for trial recipe )  over meat in shallow nonreactive pan ;  turn meat over to coat both sides with dressing . 	Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight to marinate ,  turning occasionally . 	Remove meat from marinade ;  discard marinade . 	Place meat in full-size hotel pan  ( or half-size hotel pan for trial recipe )  . 	Cover with foil . 	Bake in 275F-standard oven for 2-1/2 hours  ( or in 250F-convection oven for 1-1/2 hours )  or until meat is tender and cooked through  ( 160F )  . 	Drain excess liquid . 	Pour barbecue_sauce over meat . 	Continue baking 30 min .  ,  basting occasionally with the liquid in bottom of pan . 	Meanwhile ,  grill onions over medium heat about 5 min . 	or until tender ,  turning and brushing occasionally with the remaining 1/2 cup dressing  ( or 1/4 cup dressing for trial recipe )  . 	Cut meat diagonally across the grain into thin slices . 	For each serving :  Fill 1 roll with about 5 oz . 	of the meat mixture and about 1/4 cup of the onions .
In small mixing bowl cream butter and confectioners sugar . 	Beat in vanilla ;  mix well . 	Combine flour and salt ;  gradually add to creamed mixture and mix well . 	Shape into 1-in balls . 	Place 2- in apart on ungreased baking sheet ;  flatten slightly with glass dipped in sugar . 	Bake at 350 *  for 10-12 minutes or until edges are lightly golden brown . 	Immediately remove to wire racks to cool . 	For drizzle ,  in a heavy saucepan or microwave ,  melt the chips and shortening ,  stir until smooth . 	Remove from heat and drizzle over cookies .
Cook the noodles as directed and when done drain and set aside	Cut the green_onions in circle shaped and cut the bell pepper in thin slices and mince garlic and also thinly slice cabbage	Mix the soy_sauce ,  lite soy_sauce and oyster_sauce together in a small bowl and set aside	Get a pan and put olive_oil and put to medium heat when hot put the garlic and when garlic is a little brown add the bell pepper and green_onions ,  cabbage and bean_sprouts till moist and a little brown	Once its cooked add the noodles and the sauce together for 5 minutes or till cooked completely	Serve immediately and enjoy !
1 . 	Wash chicken . 	2 . 	In a large pot fill with water  ( enough to cover chicken )  bring to a boil and add 1 tablespoon of salt . 	3 . 	Once its boling add chicken to water and turn down to medium heat let cook for 45 minutes . 	4 . 	After 45 minutes drain the chicken ,  do not reuse this water dump it ,  and let chicken cool a bit . 	When cool enough cut larger peices  ( ie breasts )  into half peices . 	5 . 	Now fill the same pot with water ,  again enough to cover the chicken ,  make sure it is no more water then necessary . 	6 . 	Add all the rest of the ingredients to the water except the chicken ! 	So add the potato peices ,  sofrito ,   ( if you do not know how to make sofrito use recaito by goya a 12 oz can and you're pouring about the whole can in leave about 1 . 5 inches of it in the jar . yes it seems like a lot but its not )  the 8 oz can of tomato_sauce ,  5 mazanilla olives ,  2 bay_leaves ,  2 teaspoons olive_oil ,  diced green_pepper ,  2 sazon_goya ,  2 tablespoons chicken bullion ,  and 1 tablespoon of salt . okay ! 	Bring all of this to a boil . 	7 . 	Once fully boiling ,  add the chicken . 	8 . 	Turn to medium heat ,  cover and let cook for one hour . 	9 . 	Usually served with arroz blanco  ( white rice )  . 	10 . 	Yes its a long cook time but its worth it .
Add leeks ,  apple ,  chili_pepper ,  garlic ,  zest and juice of 1 lemon
Steamed tofu a few minutes ,  then drain . 	Cut box/cube to taste then roll out the tofu in the coating material ,  set aside . 	BATTER  :  mix flour ,  sago_flour/cornstarch ,  coriander_powder ,  chicken_bouillon_powder ,  baking_powder ,  pepper powder and salt . 	Add water and scallions and stir well . 	Dip tofu into batter ,  and fry in oil heated over medium heat until cooked . 	Drain . 	Serve warm with chili sauce or green chili .
Wash the potatoes well . 	In a large heavy pot ,  bring water to a boil . 	Add the potatoes and boil for 15 to 20 minutes ,  or until they are tender ,  being careful not to overcook them ,  as you dont want them mushy . 	Drain the potatoes in a colander ,  and run cold water over them to stop them from continuing to cook . 	Let them cool in the colander . 	Slice the potatoes into thin rounds ,  leaving the skin on . 	Set aside . 	In a medium bowl ,  combine the sour_cream ,  dill ,  garlic_powder ,  onion_powder ,  chives ,  mayonnaise ,  pepper ,  and salt . 	Stir well . 	In a large bowl ,  toss the potatoes with the chopped eggs and the sour_cream dressing . 	Cover the bowl and chill in the refrigerator for 2 hours before serving . 	Sprinkle top with basic barbecue rub before serving ,  if desired .
Cut tofu into bite-sized squares . 	Place in shallow baking dish or casserole . 	In small bowl ,  combine soy ,  vinegar ,  maple_syrup ,  orange_juice ,  orange_rind ,  ginger ,  garlic and mustard . 	Pour over tofu . 	Marinate at least 1 hour OR up to 24 . 	Pour marinade into measuring cup . 	Return 1/2 cup  ( 125 mL )  to tofu in baking dish and discard the rest . 	Bake in a preheated 375 * F  ( 190C )  oven about 1 hour ,  gently stirring and basting every 20 minutes . 	Serve garnished with coriander OR parsley . 	Makes 4 servings .
Boil or steam the pre-washed green_beans to desired tenderness . 	Strain . 	Place green_beans in a bowl ,  add lemon ,  salt garlic olive oil and mint_leaves . 	Turn green_beans to coat with liquid let stand an hour ,  coat again and serve . 	Even better next day .
Beat cream_cheese_spread and VELVEETA in medium bowl with mixer until smooth . 	Spoon into shallow serving bowl ;  sprinkle with nuts .
Combine the rhubarb ,  sugar ,  honey ,  butter and cinnamon in a large microwave-safe bowl . 	Cover with plastic wrap and pierce once or twice to allow steam to escape . 	Microwave until the rhubarb is tender ,  about 6 minutes . 	Carefully remove the plastic wrap and stir . 	Meanwhile ,  break the shredded wheat into smaller pieces in a bowl . 	Dust with confectioners'_sugar and cinnamon . 	Spoon the rhubarb compote into bowls ,  top with ice cream and sprinkle with the shredded wheat . 	Photograph by Jonny Valiant
Wash and peel potato . 	Chop into 1/2 "  cubes ,  add 1/2 of salt and pepper . 	Cut green and red pepper into 1/2 "  squares . 	Remove ends of red jalepenos ,  tomato ,  cayenne_pepper ,  and garlic_powder . 	Combine in blender ,  and pulse until finely chopped . 	Pack ground_beef into a rectangular patty ,  sprinkle with remaining salt and pepper ,  and cook in pan . 	Cook until internal temperature is 155F . 	Combine butter ,  potatoes ,  and red and green_peppers in frying pan . 	Sautee until peppers and potato soften . 	Add 3 eggs to pan with potato mix . 	Stir until scrambled and fully cooked . 	Plate tortilla ,  then sauce ,  cheese ,  beef ,  and egg mix . 	Wrap with both ends closed .
Resift the flour with the baking_powder . 	Cream the butter with the sugar until light and fluffy . 	Gradually blend in the flour mixture . 	Stir in the walnuts . 	Cover and chill for at least 2 hours . 	Roll out onto floured board to 1/4 "  thickness . 	Cut into any shape . 	Bake on ungreased cookie sheets at 300 degrees for about 20 minutes or until the edges are lightly browned . 	Make 2 to 2 1/2 dozen delicious cookies .
Grease a 9x5x3-inch loaf pan ;  set aside . 	In a large mixing bowl stir together flour ,  cinnamon ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda ,  and salt . 	In a medium mixing bowl combine applesauce ,  eggs ,  oil ,  and milk . 	ADD egg mixture to flour mixture . 	Stir until everything is mixed ,  then add your fruits to the batter . 	Pour the batter into the pan . 	Bake it in a preheated oven at 350F for 60 to 65 minutes or until the toothpick come out clean . 	Let it sit and cool a cookie rack . 	After it has cooled ,  wrap it and let it sit overnight before you begin slicing .
Sprinkle meat with salt and pepper . 	Arrange it in the crock cooker with vegetables . 	Blend the remaining ingredients and pour over meat . 	Cover and cook on Low for 8 to 10 hrs . 	If thick gravy is desired ,  remove meat and vegetables from the cooker and drop in 2 Tbsp . 	each of flour and butter that has been mixed together . 	Cook on High till thickened ,  stirring often . 	Serves 5 from Jackies Kitchen Magic
Peel ,  core  &  slice apples and place into medium sized mixing bowl . 	Add sugar ,  vanilla and cinnamon  ( or all spice )  to apples and mix until apples are coated . 	Place apple mixture into 8X8 glass baking dish . 	Soften butter ,  stir until creamy and place in another bowl . 	Add flour and brown_sugar until mixture looks like little peas . 	Cover apples with flour mixture making sure apples are coated . 	Place uncovered baking dish onto lower oven rack . 	Bake at 300 degrees for 50-55 minutes  ( or until corners are dark brown  &  crispy )  . 	Serve warm with vanilla ice cream or espresso .
Heat oven to 375F  ( 190C )  . 	Grease cookie sheet . 	Combine 3/4 cup cream ,  currants ,  and egg in small bowl . 	Stir flour ,  sugar ,  baking_powder and salt in large bowl . 	With pastry blender ,  cut in butter until mixture resembles fine crumbs . 	Stir in currant mixture with fork . 	On floured surface ,  knead dough lightly 4 or 5 turns  ( dough will be sticky )  . 	Pat dough 3/4 inch thick . 	Cut with floured 1 1/2 inch scalloped cutter and place on prepared cookie sheet . 	Reroll and cut scraps . 	Brush tops with 1 tablespoon . 	cream . 	Bake 18 minutes ,  until golden .
Mix cookie crumbs with melted butter . 	Press into 9x13 "  pan . 	Freeze 30 min . 	Top with softened ice_cream . 	Freeze 30 min . 	Make a syrup with the condensed lowfat milk ,  chocolate_syrup and butter . 	Combine in saucepan and bring to a boil . 	Simmer 5 min . 	Add in vanilla . 	Pour on top of ice_cream . 	Freeze 30 min . 	Spread Cold-Whip over top . 	Sprinkle with minced nuts . 	About 30 min before serving ,  place in refrigerator to help ease in serving . 	Serves 16
Slice off the ends of the stems of the mushrooms and wash . 	Thinly slice the onion ,  carrot and shiitake_mushrooms . 	Remove the bones from the cod pieces . 	Lay the cod pieces on sheets of foil . 	You can use frozen fish as is ,  without thawing . 	We are making 2 sets ,  so lay one piece of fish on each sheet of foil . 	Lightly season the fish with salt and pepper . 	Put the onion ,  carrots ,  shiitake_mushrooms  ( or shimeji )  ,  and enoki mushrooms on top . 	Lay a piece of butter in the middle . 	Combine the ingredients  ( dissolve the miso )  and drizzle on top . 	Cover with another piece of foil . 	Roll the foil 2-3 times to close the edges tightly . 	Make sure there are no holes ! 	Put the foil packages in a frying pan ,  cover with a lid and steam-cook for 10-15 minutes over low heat . 	Serve with ponzu  ( or soy_sauce )  drizzled on top . 	Shorten the cooking time if you aren't putting in enoki mushrooms because there will be less moisture and it will burn easily .
Heat oven to 375 degrees F . 	Brown meat with onions and chili_powder in large skillet on medium-high heat . 	Add corn and tomatoes ;  cook 5 min . 	or until heated through ,  stirring occasionally . 	Spoon 1 cup meat mixture into 1 . 5-L round casserole dish ;  cover with 3 tortillas ,  overlapping if necessary to fit dish . 	Top with 2 cups of the remaining meat mixture ,  1/2 cup cheese . 	Cover with remaining tortillas and remaining meat mixture ;  cover . 	Bake 25 to 30 min . 	or until heated through . 	Top with remaining cheese ;  bake ,  uncovered ,  5 min . 	or until melted . 	Cut into wedges . 	Serve topped with sour cream .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees . 	Spray a 9-by-9-inch-square pan with nonstick cooking spray . 	Combine flour ,  1/2 cup sugar and baking_powder . 	In large bowl whisk egg_whites and milk . 	Stir in applesauce and lemon rind . 	Add flour mixture and stir to moisten dry ingredients . 	Do not overmix . 	Spoon batter into pan and top with strawberries . 	Mix remaining 1 1/2-2 teaspoons granulated sugar with brown sugar and cinnamon and sprinkle over strawberries . 	Bake about 30 minutes . 	Remove from oven and place on wire rack to cool . 	Serve warm or at room temperature .
Fill base with water to Hi fill line . 	Add steaming bowl . 	Combine chicken_broth ,  thyme ,  salt and pepper in rice bowl . 	Stir to mix . 	Add chicken breasts ,  with thickest pieces toward sides of bowl . 	Cover and steam for 34 to 37 minutes ,  or til done .
Open the cans of crab meat and squeeze out the liquid . 	Place the onion and garlic in a food processor and process until smooth . 	Add the crab meat and process until thoroughly mixed	Add the Worcestershire_sauce and hot_sauce and process until absorbed . 	Add the cream_cheese and process until smooth . 	Scrape down the sides of the food processor and whir for about 30 seconds . 	Serve with crackers .
PREHEAT WAFFLE IRON . 	SPRAY WITH NON STICK COOKING SPRAY . 	 . separate eggs . 	beat egg whites until stiff . 	mix dry ingredients togetherthen add wet . 	MIX ALL INGREDIENTS TOGETHER . 	fold in egg whites . 	pour into waffle iron and cook until done .
These ingredients are PER SERVING . 	For more servings ,  double or triple the measurements accordingly . 	Grill the steak ,  and keep warm . 	 ( You can also skip this step and simply make the sauce as a side dish .  ) 	In a skillet ,  melt margarine/butter with chicken_stock and mushrooms . 	Saute until mushrooms are almost done . 	Add rosemary and season with salt and pepper . 	Add flour slowly ;  stir until thickened . 	Add wine ,  simmer a few minutes . 	Add spaghetti_sauce and simmer until hot and bubbly . 	Serve with steak and pasta . 	All ingredients can be tweaked to your preference .
Place frank in taco_shell ;  cover with paper towel . 	Microwave on HIGH 45 sec . 	to 1 min . 	or until heated through . 	Top with remaining ingredients .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees . 	ln a large skillet over medium heat ,  heat olive_oil until shimmering . 	Add onions and garlic ,  and saute until translucent ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add zucchini ,  squash ,  and eggplant ,  and saute until tender but have not lost their shape ,  about 10 minutes . 	Add tomatoes ,  thyme and parsley ,  and cook until tomatoes soften but do not lose their shape ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add red_wine_vinegar . 	Season with salt and pepper to taste . 	In a small bowl ,  mix 1 tablespoon flour with 3 tablespoons water . 	Mix well ,  and add to the vegetables . 	Cook for 3 minutes ,  stirring . 	Transfer to a baking sheet to cool until no longer steaming ,  then place in refrigerator to chill ,  uncovered ,  for 15 minutes . 	Place one sheet of puff_pastry on a lightly floured work surface . 	Using a 3 1/2- to 4-inch-in-diameter cookie cutter or cup ,  cut out six disks . 	Using a 1-1/2 inch cookie cutter ,  cut out six more disks . 	Roll all the disks out to 1/8 inch thick . 	Butter or spray a six-cup muffin pan with 3-inch diameter cups . 	Place a large disk in each of the holders ;  the dough should overlap the holder by about an inch . 	Add one sixth of the chilled vegetables to each cup . 	Place the small circle of pastry on top of the vegetables ,  and fold over the edges of the larger circle to fully enclose the empada . 	 ( It may be possible to pinch together the edge of the large disk of dough without using the smaller disk .  ) 	Brush the tops with beaten egg . 	Bake empadas until golden brown ,  25 to 40 minutes . 	Using a knife ,  gently loosen from the muffin tins . 	Transfer to plates ,  and serve hot . 	If desired ,  serve with a salad .
Cook broccoli just until tender-crisp ,   ( 3 minutes )  . 	Drain and put under cold water . 	In nonstick skillet ,  heat oil over medium heat ;  add garlic ,  onion and mushrooms and cook ,  until onion is tender . 	Set aside . 	In blender ,  combine cottage_cheese and yogurt ;  season with salt and pepper to taste . 	Process just until mixed . 	Cover and refrigerate .
Pour godiva milk chocolate liquer and raspberry_liqueur over ice ,  top with club_soda . 	Serve .
Scoop flesh from inside the kiwifruit and mash well until smooth . 	Mix with remaining ingredients and cubed lamb . 	Stir ,  cover and leave at room temperature for about 20 minutes- maximum 1 hour . 	Drain lamb and thread on skewers  ( Soak bamboo skewers well in water first to reduce risk of charring during cooking )  . 	Barbecue or grill kebabs on high heat for 5- 7 minutes ,  turning skewers to brown lamb on all sides . 	Do not overcook .
Cook an stir onion in butter in 3-quart saucepan on medium-high heat until tender . 	Add potatoes ,  water ,  celery and seasonings . 	Bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat ;  cover . 	Simmer 15 minutes or until vegetables are tender . 	Gradually add small amount of milk to flour ,  stirring until well blended . 	Gradually add flour mixture to hot vegetables ,  stirring constantly . 	Stir in remaining milk and sausage ;  cook ,  stirring constantly ,  until mixture boils and thickens . 	Add american cheese ;  stir until melted .
Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat . 	Cook the flour for 2 minutes ,  or until light golden brown ,  stirring constantly . 	Transfer to a small bowl . 	Reduce heat to medium . 	Add oil to the skillet and swirl to coat bottom . 	Cook the chicken smooth side down for 3 minutes . 	Turn and cook for 3 more minutes or until no longer pink . 	Transfer to serving plate and cover with foil to keep warm . 	Meanwhile ,  whisk 1/4 cup of broth into bowl with browned flour until completely blended . 	Whisk in the remaining broth ,  milk ,  garlic_powder ,  salt ,  and mustard . 	Pour into skillet ,  scraping with a falt spatula to dislodge any browned bits . 	Increase heat to medium high and bring to a boil . 	Cook for 4 minutes ,  or until reduced to about 1/2 cup ,  stirring frequently . 	Remove from the heat . 	Stir into the margarine . 	Spoon over chicken . 	Sprinkle with the green_onions .
Cut the chicken into bite-sized pieces . 	Mix with the ingredients well . 	Drain the liquid from Step 1 and coat the chicken with the plain_flour . 	Put everything in a plastic bag and shake well . 	Pour the oil into a frying pan and fry the chicken until crispy and golden brown . 	If the chicken has its skin place the skin side down first . 	You can fry the chicken with less oil . 	Cover with a lid and cook over a low heat for 3 to 4 minutes . 	After cooking through uncover and continue to fry the chicken until crispy . 	Put all sauce ingredients into a heat-proof cup and mix well . 	Microwave the mixture to heat through . 	Add ingredients and mix well . 	Note :  After frying the chicken ,  you can clean the frying pan and heat the sauce ingredients . 	Pour the hot Step 5 sauce over Step 4 . 	The main picture doesn't have any chopped green_onion ,  just sesame seeds on top . 	Note :  If the vinegar you use is not so harsh ,  use 1 tablespoon . 	It's quite delicious . 	If your microwave has a steam-cooking program you can make this dish much healthier . 	I recommend heating the sauce in a sauce pan .
these were the instructions lol  "  for 50 cent meat take 2/3 beef and 1/3 pork ground . 	beat the eggs	chop onion fine . 	use 2 rounding cups cracker_crumbs  (  i added milk to cracker_crumbs you dont need salt cause soda crackers had enough  )  . 	salt and pepper to taste  "  . 	mix all together put in oven and bake	 ( bake for 45 minutes at 375 it may take longer for bigger loaf  . 	 )  .
Place all in mixing bowl in order listed stirring well after each addition . 	Cover tightly and refrigerate overnight . 	This can be microwaved if useing small amounts ,  or place all in casserole brushed with olive_oil and bake at 350 for 20 minutes until just starting to brown on edges . 	I serve this with grilled slices of sweet italian bread ,  but it's also great with crackers .
mix flour  &  Crisco . 	then remaining . 	split in 4 .  roll on plastic wrap ,
Preheat oven to 180 degrees Celsius . 	sPray loaf tin with olive oil spray . 	Put all dry ingredients in bowl . 	Mix well . 	Make a well in centre and add honey and beer . 	Stir well . 	Put mixture in loaf tin . 	Sprinkle with sesame_seeds . 	Bake for 30 minutes .
Heat oil in large ,  heavy saucepan over moderate heat 1 minute . 	Add onion ,  carrots ,  celery ,  potato ,  garlic ,  bay leaf ,  and rosemary ;  cook ,  stirring often ,  5 minutes . 	Reduce heat to low ,  cover ,  and  " sweat "  vegetables 10 minutes . 	Add broth ,  bring to gently boil ,  cover ,  and cook until potato is tender ,  about 15 minutes . 	Discard bay leaf and rosemary sprig ;  add evaporated_milk ,  milk ,  and red pepper sauce and bring to a simmer . 	Off heat ,  add mozzarella and stir until smooth . 	Stir in olives and salt and pepper to taste . 	Ladle into heated soup bowls and serve .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F . 	Boil penne in salted water until 2 minutes shy of al dente . 	Strain ,  and place in a large bowl . 	Add pasta_sauce ,  cubed mozzarella ,  and 1/2 cup parmesan_cheese . 	Place in a large casserole dish . 	In a small bowl ,  beat egg . 	Add ricotta ,  2/3 cup shredded mozzarella ,  and remaining parmesan_cheese . 	Mix together and spread evenly over top of the pasta mixture . 	Sprinkle remaining 1 cup shredded mozzarella on top . 	Bake for 2030 minutes ,  or until top begins to brown .
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F .  Cut the broccoli and cauliflower into equal sized florets . 	Toss the veggies with about 1 tablespoon olive_oil ,  salt_and_pepper in a shallow roasting pan . 	Roast for 30 to 40 minutes stirring occasionally . 	When the veggies are done ,  they will start becoming golden on the edges and look like they are ready for the party . 	Remove from oven and prepare the final touches . 	Heat a small saute pan with the remaining tablespoon of olive_oil . 	Add the garlic ,  saute for about 30 seconds add in the raisins and capers and saute for about 1 minute . 	Do not let this burn !  !  ! 	Move quickly here and remove the pan from the heat . 	Pour the caper and raisin mixture over the veggies and toss to combine .
Stir together the cream_cheese ,  sour_cream ,  oregano and garlic and pizza_sauce in a small bowl until blended and smooth . 	Spread the mixture into a large pie plate . 	Top with pepperoni and green_onions . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 10 minutes . 	Remove from oven and sprinkle mozzeralla cheese over the dip in the pan . 	Top with parmesan_cheese . 	Bake for 5-7 minutes or more or until the cheese has melted and dip is heated through . 	Serve warm .
Place potatoes and onion in pan ,  barely cover with water and bring to a boil . 	Turn down to simmer . 	After 25 minutes ,  mash potatoes in the pan . 	 ( Do not turn the stove off and do not drain the water off . 	 )  . 	Add salt ,  pepper ,  parsley and butter . 	After butter melts ,  add milk or cream to desired consistency . 	Cook a few more minutes to get soup back up to temperature . 	Garnish each serving with chopped green_onions .
Preheat oven to 350F . 	In a medium bowl ,  combine the flour ,  sugar and spices . 	Cut in the butter until the mixture resembles corn meal . 	Reserve 1/2 cup of the mixture . 	In a second bowl ,  combine the buttermilk and baking_soda . 	Pour this into the remaining crumb mixture in halves ,  beating thoroughly after each addition . 	Stir in the raisins and nuts . 	Spread the batter into a greased and floured 9 x 13 inch pan . 	Sprinkle reserved crumb mixture over the top . 	Bake at 350F for 1 hour until brown and springy when touched or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean .
In a double boiler ,  over medium heat ,  whisk all the ingredients together . 	Cook the sauce until thick ,  about 10 to 12 minutes ,  stirring constantly . 	Remove from the heat and cool .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees	Peel the apples ,  cut them into quarters and core them . 	Butter an eight-inch baking dish with the two tablespoons of butter . 	Arrange the apple slices in the dish . 	Add the lemon_peel and sprinkle on the cinnamon . 	Cut the remaining butter into pieces . 	Combine the sugar ,  butter and flour ,  either in a mixing bowl or in a food processor ,  using a steel blade . 	If using your fingers ,  blend the mixture until it has the texture of coarse breadcrumbs . 	Sprinkle the mixture over the apples . 	Bake for 40 minutes ,  or until the top is golden brown .
Preheat oven to 350F . 	Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water 8 minutes . 	Add carrots and boil 7 minutes . 	Add broccoli and boil until all vegetables are tender ,  about 3 minutes longer . 	Drain vegetables . 	Arrange potatoes ,  carrots ,  broccoli ,  bell peppers ,  beets and onions on large platter . 	Place bread in basket . 	Divide sliced cheese among 6 ovenproof plates . 	Bake until cheese melts and bubbles ,  about 10 minutes . 	Serve with vegetables and bread .
Beat 1 egg . 	Mix with potatoes and white_pepper ,  salt ,  butter ,  celery_salt If potatoes are dry ,  add a little bit of milk . 	Heat mixture into a sauce pan . 	When it leaves the side of the pan ,  then remove it to a cool and flat surface . 	Mold into croquettes patties . 	Roll them in flour and dip into the beaten egg Roll in the bread crumbs and deep fry at 375 *  until golden brown .
MOISTEN chicken with water ;  shake off excess . 	SHAKE chicken ,  1 or 2 pieces at a time ,  in shaker bag with coating mix . 	Discard any remaining mix and bag . 	Place chicken in 15x10x1-inch baking pan lined with foil or sprayed with no stick cooking spray . 	BAKE at 425F for 20 minutes or until cooked through .
Mix up the Mustard Dressing in a screw top jar . 	Shake well . 	Pour half of it over the ribs in a shallow bowl to marinate . 	If the walnut pieces are large ,  break them up a bit . 	To roast them ,  place them in a glass bowl and microwave for one minute three separate times ,  letting them rest and cool in between each minute . 	Meanwhile ,  slice the scallions and pears . 	Divide the spinach among 6 plates . 	Arrange pear slices on spinach and sprinkle with scallions ,  cheese ,  and nuts . 	Preheat the broiler . 	Cook the ribs 14 minutes ,  turning them over halfway through the cooking time . 	When the ribs are cooked ,  cut them into thin slices and arrange on top of the salad . 	Serve with the remaining Mustard Dressing .
Preheat oven to 375F Grease a 10-inch pie plate . 	Combine pasta ,  broccoli ,  and tomato_sauce in a large bowl . 	Whik eggs and Carnation milk in a separate bowl . 	Stir in remaining 5 ingredients . 	Add pasta mixture and stir to combine . 	Pour into prepared pie plate . 	Sprinkle with grated cheese . 	Bake in preheated oven 40-45 minutes until mixture is set ,  cut into wedges . 	TIPS :  Use up all your leftover spaghetti and meat sauce . 	Just replace the cooked_pasta and prepared tomato_sauce for any of your leftovers and you have a new meal -	 *  Replace the cooked_broccoli with any other cooked vegetables you have . 	Just use the same amount .
1 . 	Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat . 	Saute onions ,  carrots ,  and garlic until tender . 	2 . 	Stir in green pepper and chili_powder . 	Cook until vegetables are tender ,  about 6 minutes . 	3 . 	Stir in mushrooms ,  tomatoes ,  beans ,  and corn . 	Season  ( according to taste )  with cumin ,  oregano ,  and basil . 	Bring to a boil ,  and reduce heat to medium . 	4 . 	Cover ,  and simmer for 20 minutes ,  stirring occasionally	Serve with cornbread and optional cheese .
Coarsely mash the drained chickpeas into a bowl . 	You want about 1/4 of it mashed at this point . 	Add all of the remaining ingredients EXCEPT the celery	Give a quick stir and continue mashing about 5 more times . 	Stir again and mash a few more times . 	Stir again . 	We're not making hummus here so make sure there are chunks of chickpeas remaining . 	Stir in the celery . 	For tastiest results ,  cover and let it sit in the fridge overnight . 	You can use it as is to spread on a sandwich ,  burger ,  crackers ,  on top of a salad ,  or whatever else you can think of . 	This is a very versatile and forgiving recipe so use whatever spices you want . 	You can use this recipe as a guideline and let your imagination take over .
Soak bread crumbs in milk and add beaten egg . 	Add meat ,  onion &  seasonings . 	Form into mini loaves and place on top of 1/2 bread slices on a cookie sheet . 	 ( the bread halves will soak up the grease )  Bake at 375 degrees for 1 hour . 	Discard bread halves . 	Serve with mashed potatoes ,  gravy &  vegetable .
Heat oven to 350F . 	Beat first 7 ingredients with mixer until blended . 	Pour into greased and floured 12-cup fluted tube pan or 10-inch tube pan . 	Bake 50 min . 	or until toothpick inserted near center comes out clean . 	Cool cake in pan 10 min . 	Loosen cake from sides of pan with knife . 	Invert cake onto wire rack ;  gently remove pan . 	Cool cake completely . 	Mix remaining ingredients until blended ;  drizzle over cake .
In a 1-1/2 quart casserole dish ,  combine soup ,  milk ,  pepper ,  stir . 	Stir in beans ,  2/3 cups onions . 	Bake uncovered at 350 for 30 minutes . 	Stir ,  sprinkle with remaining onions . 	Bake 5 minutes .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F  ( 200 degrees C )  . 	Grease 10 muffin cups or line with paper muffin liners . 	In a large bowl ,  combine cracker crumbs ,  sugar and baking_powder . 	Stir in milk ,  egg and honey ;  mixing just until moistened . 	Spoon batter into prepared muffin cups . 	Bake in preheated oven for 15 to 18 minutes ,  until a toothpick comes out clean . 	Let stand for 5 minutes ,  then move to a wire rack to cool completely .
Soak bean threads in water for at least 5 minutes ,  then use scissors to cut it a few times into 2-3 inch pieces . 	Boil in water for just 2 minutes ,  drain ,  place in bowl ,  drizzle a small amount of vegetable oil over noodles to prevent them sticking together ,  and set aside . 	Do this while the chicken  ( or pork )  cooks . 	To prepare khao koor :  get a skillet fairly hot ,  and add 2 tablespoons of uncooked jasmine_rice . 	Keep it moving until the rice starts to turn golden brown . 	Remove from the heat and allow to cool . 	Grind to a fairly coarse powder in a mortar and pestle or coffee grinder . 	The powder should retain some texture and not be too fine a powder . 	In the same skillet ,  cook the chicken/pork with the garlic with a small amount of oil . 	In a large mixing bowl ,  add shallots ,  cooked chicken  ( or pork )  ,  khao koor ,  ground Thai chile powder ,  chili flakes ,  fish_sauce ,  and lime_juice . 	Toss gently until mixed well . 	Add bean_thread_noodles ,  spring onion ,  cilantro ,  and toss it together a little  ( not too much )  . 	Transfer to a dish and top with a generous amount of whole fresh_mint_leaves . 	If not using the noodles ,  serve over rice with a side of fresh veggies ,  like sliced cuccumber ,  sliced green cabbage ,  raw sugar snap peas ,  etc .
Candied Pecans :  Combine nuts ,  sugar and dressing in bowl . 	Spread in single layer on sheet pan . 	Bake in 350F  ( 180C )  standard oven 5 to 6 min . 	or until caramelized . 	Cool completely . 	For each serving :  Toss 2 oz . 	 ( 60 g )  salad greens ,  1/4 cup  ( 50 mL )  cucumbers ,  and 1 Tbsp . 	 ( 15 mL )  each onions ,  cranberries ,  and dressing in medium bowl . 	Arrange on serving plate . 	Top with 3 oz . 	 ( 85 g )  chicken and 1/3 oz . 	 ( 10 g )  Candied Pecans .
Drain and flake salmon . 	Set aside . 	Melt margarine in a medium saucepan over medium heat ;  Remove from heat and whisk in flour . 	Cook ,  stirring constantly ,  for 2 to 3 minutes . 	Whisk in milk and sherry ;  cook ,  stirring frequently ,  for 15 minutes . 	Stir in flaked salmon and remaining ingredients except fettuccine and parsley ;  cook 2 to 3 more minutes ,  until heated through . 	Meanwhile ,  cook pasta according to package directions ;  drain and place on serving platter . 	Spoon sauce over pasta and sprinkle with parsley to serve .
Heat the olive_oil in a large saucepan over medium heat ,  and cook the onion ,  pepper ,  and celery until tender . 	Pour in the chicken_broth ,  and mix in rice ,  black-eyed peas with liquid ,  diced_tomatoes and green chiles ,  diced_tomatoes ,  and garlic . 	Bring to a boil ,  reduce heat to low ,  and simmer 45 minutes ,  or until rice is tender . 	Add water if soup is too thick .
Heat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit . 	Grease a 9 "  x 5 "  loaf pan . 	Cream butter and sugar in large mixing bowl ;  add eggs one at a time ,  beating well after each addition . 	Mix flour ,  baking_powder and salt ;  add alternately with milk to the butter mixture . 	Pour batter into pan . 	Bake until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean ,  about 45 minutes to one hour . 	Meanwhile make Lemon Glaze . 	Heat sugar ,  fresh_lemon_juice ,  and lemon_zest until just boiling in a small saucepan . 	Pour glaze over cake immediately after removing cake from oven ;  cool in pan .
Heat a medium saucepan over medium-high heat . 	Pour in oil and saute onion and garlic until translucent . 	Mix in cumin seed and saute an additional 2 minutes . 	Sprinkle in flour and saute 1 minute more . 	Stir in beets ,  tomatoes ,  water ,  and salt . 	Reduce heat to low ,  cover pan with lid ,  and allow to simmer 30 to 45 minutes ,  until beets are tender .
Melt butter in medium saucepan over medium/low heat ,  allow it to burn only slightly for flavor . 	Whisk White Pepper and Cornstarch into Cream and set aside . 	Cook garlic for about 4 minutes or until soft but not browned and mash with a fork and let cook 1 more minute on Medium to Low heat . 	Add chopped shrimp and onions . 	Cook until the shrimp just starts to turn pink ,  about 2 minutes . 	Briefly stir cream mixture and pour into frying pan . 	Bring mixture to a simmer . 	Stir often to keep from burning . 	Add the Parmesan cheese and simmer sauce for 10 minutes until sauce has thickened and is smooth . 	When sauce has thickened ,  add the Mozzarella cheese and stir until smooth . 	Stir quite often to again keep from burning and let simmer for another 3 minutes . 	While the sauce cooks ,  boil noodles for about 10 minutes or until tender . 	Drain well and hit with cold water to stop the cooking . 	Add Tomatoes and Mushrooms to sauce mixture ,  then add the noodles and stir well . 	Turn off the heat and let sit for a few minutes to cool and thicken . 	Spoon onto plate and serve with Cabernet Sauvignon and a light salad .
Place a small metal bowl over a saucepan filled with simmering water . 	Melt the chocolate chips and coffee_liqueur in the bowl . 	Stir in vanilla . 	Combine the tofu ,  chocolate mixture ,  and honey in a blender . 	Blend until smooth . 	Pour the filling into the crust and refrigerate for 2 hours ,  or until the filling is set . 	 * Silken tofu is soft and custardy . 	Look for it fresh in the refrigerator aisle . 	 * 	 *  * This recipe brought to you courtesy of Alton Brown from Food Network . 	 *  *
Coat a 9x13 baking dish with cooking spray . 	Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	In a large bowl ,  combine eggs ,  1 cup sugar ,  milk ,  cinnamon and nutmeg and stir until smooth . 	Fold in peaches ,  apples and bread_cubes ,  until bread is well coated . 	Pour into prepared baking dish . 	Dot with 6 tablespoons butter . 	Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour ,  until set . 	Serve warm with whiskey sauce . 	To make whiskey sauce :  In a medium saucepan over medium heat ,  combine whiskey ,  1 pound butter and 2 cups sugar . 	Cook and stir until sugar dissolves and sauce is smooth . 	Remove from heat and serve hot .
Saute the ground_beef and onion til beef is brown and onion is translucent . 	Add soup and beans . 	Place meat mixture in an oven proof casserole . 	Top with mashed potatoes . 	Sprinkle with Cheddar cheese . 	Bake at 350 degrees until hot and bubbly  ( about 20 minutes )  .
In a large saucepan combine the water with 1/2 teaspoon of the Jamaican spices  ( or use my recipe for Jamaican Spice Mixture recipe #108351 ,  ginger and garlic and cook over medium heat until it simmers . 	Remove from heat and let cool before proceeding . 	Add the pineapple juice and oil to the cooled liquid ,  mix well to combine . 	Transfer the liquid to a large bowl and add the chicken . 	Refrigerate for at least 4 hours ,  turning chicken occasionally . 	Place remaining ingredients  ( the rest of the Jamaican spices  ( 2 teaspoons )  - hot sauce plus 1/4 cup water )  in a blender and puree until smooth for the glaze . 	There will be most likely be extra glaze ,  but it can be refrigerated for another use . 	It can be refrigerated for about a week or so . 	Preheat oven to 350F . 	Remove chicken from marinade ,  and place chicken in a large baking pan . 	Discard marinade . 	Bake chicken for 40-60 minutes or until done ,  brushing on glaze occasionally during the last 5-10 minutes of baking . 	 * Instead of baking chicken the chicken can also be grilled  ( about 20-30 minutes or until done )  brushing on the glaze after the chicken starts to brown .
In a saucepan ,  combine the milk ,  sugar ,  tapioca ,  and egg ;  let stand 5 minutes . 	Cook and stir over medium heat until mixture comes to a full boil . 	Remove from heat ;  stir in vanilla . 	Spoon or pour into serving dishes ,  and allow to cool at least 5 minutes . 	May be cooled longer and/or in the refrigerator . 	May be served warm or cold . 	 ( I like warm my husband prefers chilled . 	 )  .
Bring a large stockpot of water to a boil . 	In a large skillet or saute pan ,  heat the flavored_oil . 	Add the roasted_garlic ,  butter ,  tomatoes ,  and stock . 	Season with the oregano ,  thyme ,  2 tablespoons of the parsley ,  salt ,  and pepper ,  and reduce until slightly thickened . 	Meanwhile ,  blanch all the vegetables ,  each type individually ,  in simmering salted water ,  about 1 minute . 	Refresh in cold water ,  drain well ,  and set aside . 	When the sauce has been reduced ,  add the vegetables and stir to heat through . 	Add salt to the pot of boiling water and cook the bow ties until they are al dente ,  following the directions on the package . 	Drain the pasta and stir it into the sauce ,  coating well . 	Remove the skillet from the heat and stir in the grated cheese . 	To serve ,  divide the pasta and vegetables among 4 large warm plates or bowls . 	Sprinkle each serving with some of the remaining chopped parsley and serve immediately . 	Additional Parmesan cheese can be grated onto the dish after serving .
Prepare the dough :  In the mixer bowl ,  stir together yeast ,  water and sugar . 	let stand until yeast begins to foam ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add flour ,  oil and salt . 	Attach the flat beater and mixer bowl to the mixer . 	Set to speed 2 and mix until a dough forms . 	Remove the flat beater and attach the dough hook . 	Set to speed 4 and knead until dough is soft ,  smooth and slightly sticky ,  about 3 to 4 minutes . 	If dough is sticking to the bottom of the bowl ,  add flour 1 tbsp  ( 15 ml )  at a time . 	Using your hands ,  form dough into a ball . 	Place back in the mixer bowl ,  brush with olive_oil and cover with a towel . 	let rise in a warm ,  draft-free place for 1 to 1 1/2 hours ,  or until doubled in bulk . 	Press dough evenly into prepared baking pan and cover with a towel . 	let rise until again doubled in bulk ,  about 1 hour . 	Meanwhile ,  prepare the topping :  In a large skillet ,  heat 1 tbsp  ( 15 ml )  of the olive_oil over medium heat . 	Add onions and cook ,  stirring frequently ,  for 15 to 20 minutes ,  or until golden brown . 	Meanwhile ,  place oven rack in the middle position ,  add a baking stone if you have one and preheat oven to 425F  ( 220C )  . 	Using your fingertips ,  make shallow indentations all over dough . 	Brush with the remaining 1 tbsp  ( 15 ml )  oil ,  letting it pool in the indentations . 	Arrange caramelized onions on top and gently press into dough . 	Sprinkle lightly with sea salt . 	Place pan on baking stone ,  if using ,  and bake for 20 to 25 minutes ,  or until focaccia is golden and reaches an internal temperature of 200F  ( 100C )  . 	Using a large spatula ,  slip focaccia off pan and onto a rack to cool . 	Cut into large squares and serve warm or at room temperature .
Heat oven to 350 degrees . 	In a large bowl ,  break up cookie dough . 	Pat cherries dry with paper towels . 	Gently stir cherries and flour into dough . 	Drop dough by heaping tsp into cereal crumbs . 	pressing cereal into dough . 	Shape into balls ;  place 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheet . 	Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until golded brown . 	Immediately remove from cookie sheets .
Soak the dried_shrimp in a few tablespoons of hot water for about 5 minutes ;  drain ,  rinse ,  then mince the shrimp . 	Cut the eggplant into chunks on the bias . 	Cut at an angle ,  then rotate the eggplant a half turn ,  then cut on the bias again ,  repeat . 	Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a wok or large skillet over medium high heat . 	Add the chopped zha_cai and minced dried_shrimp ,  cook for a minute or two in the hot oil . 	Add the chili paste ,  green_onions ,  minced_ginger ,  and minced garlic and cook until the mixture is fragrant ,  about 1 minute . 	Add the eggplant and stir to coat the pieces in the chili mixture ,  cook for a minute . 	Add the soy_sauce ,  sugar ,  white_pepper ,  and about a 1/4 cup of water . 	Cover and steam until eggplant are tender but not mushy . 	Stir occasionally ,  don't be too rough or you'll smash the eggplant . 	Season to taste with more soy_sauce or salt . 	Garnish with sliced green_onions  ( green part only ;  serve with brown or white rice .
In a large bowl ,  slightly beat eggs . 	Add next 10 ingredients  ( everything else except the olive_oil and the buns )  and mix until well combined . 	Shape into 4 patties . 	In a large skillet ,  cook patties in olive_oil over medium heat for about 5 minutes on each side or until patties are crisp and lightly browned on both sides . 	Cut hamburger_buns in half and place mushroom patty on bun . 	Top with your favorite burger toppings such as mustard ,  ketchup or relish . 	Enjoy ! 	Makes 4 Mushroom Burgers
Cook garlic and shallots in 2 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat ,  stirring ,  until softened ,  3 to 5 minutes . 	Add chiles and pineapple ,  then saute over moderately high heat ,  stirring occasionally ,  until pineapple is softened ,  4 to 5 minutes . 	Add fish_sauce ,  sugar ,  and salt and saute sambal ,  stirring ,  30 seconds . 	Cool to room temperature ,  then stir in cilantro . 	While sambal is cooling ,  prepare grill for cooking . 	If using a charcoal grill ,  open vents on bottom of grill ,  then light charcoal . 	Charcoal fire is medium-hot when you can hold your hand 5 inches above rack for 3 to 4 seconds . 	If using a gas grill ,  preheat burners on high ,  covered ,  10 minutes ,  then reduce heat to moderate . 	Brush fish all over with remaining tablespoon oil ,  then season with salt . 	Grill ,  skin sides down ,  on lightly oiled grill rack ,  covered only if using gas grill ,  until skin is crisp ,  4 to 5 minutes . 	Turn fish over and grill until just cooked through ,  4 to 5 minutes more . 	Serve fish with sambal .
For the caramelized onions :  Melt the butter in a large skillet over low heat . 	Add the onions and salt . 	Cook on low ,  stirring occasionally ,  until the onions soften and begin to caramelize ,  about 20-25 minutes . 	Sprinkle on the brown_sugar and stir to combine . 	Cook for an additional 5-10 minutes . 	Remove from heat and set aside . 	For the sliders :  Preheat your oven to 350 F . 	In a small saucepan ,  melt the unsalted_butter over medium-low heat . 	Whisk in the mustard ,  honey ,  garlic_powder and a dash of salt_and_black_pepper . 	Cook for 1-2 minutes more and then remove from heat . 	Brush two tablespoons of the melted butter mixture on the bottom of a 9x12-inch baking dish . 	Take the bottoms of your rolls and place them in the baking dish . 	Layer on baby spinach ,  roast_beef and brie cheese . 	Top with caramelized onions . 	Place the tops of the rolls on top . 	Brush the remaining melted butter mixture directly on top of the rolls . 	Cover the dish with foil and bake for 15-20 minutes or until the cheese has melted . 	Remove from heat and serve immediately . 	Enjoy !
Combine vodka ,  Absinthe ,  and black raspberry_liqueur in a cocktail shaker . 	Shake thoroughly over ice . 	Strain into a chilled cocktial glass . 	Top with champagne . 	Garnish with a raspberry .
Preheat oven to 350 . To prepare muffins ,  lightly spoon 1 1/2 cups flour into dry measuring cups ;  level with a knife . 	Combine 1 1/2 cups flour and next 5 ingredients  ( through salt )  in a large bowl ,  stirring with a whisk . 	Make a well in center of mixture . 	Combine milk and next 7 ingredients  ( through egg_white )  ;  stir well with a whisk . 	Add milk mixture to flour mixture ,  stirring just until moist . 	Fold in 1/4 cup coconut . 	Place 12 muffin cup liners in muffin cups ;  coat liners with cooking_spray . 	Divide batter evenly among muffin cups . To prepare topping ,  combine 1/4 cup coconut ,  3 tablespoons flour ,  3 tablespoons granulated_sugar ,  and 1 tablespoon oil in a small bowl ;  stir with a fork until crumbly . 	Sprinkle topping evenly over batter . 	Bake at 350 for 23 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center of a muffin comes out clean . 	Cool in pan on a wire rack 15 minutes .
Lightly grease a baking sheet . 	In a 1 quart glass measure ,  combine walnut_halves ,  sugar ,  and water . 	Cook in microwave oven on high setting for 8 to 8 1/2 minutes ,  or until sugar has caramelized . 	Stir several times during cooking . 	Pour out onto prepared baking sheet ,  and separate into pieces . 	Let cool completely . 	store in an airtight container .
Rinse chicken and pat dry . 	Heat oil in heavy large deep skillet over medium heat . 	Add chicken to skillet . 	Cover and cook until golden brown ,  about 15 minutes per side . 	Turn chicken skin side up ;  continue to cook uncovered until cooked through ,  about 10 minutes longer . 	Transfer chicken to platter ;  tent with foil to keep warm . 	Pour off excess fat from skillet . 	Add wine and honey . 	Simmer until reduced to 1/3 cup ,  stirring often ,  about 8 minutes . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Pour sauce over chicken . 	Sprinkle with parsley .
Preheat oven to 425F . 	Core apples and place in a buttered baking dish . 	Fill centers with syrup and drizzle a little over the skins . 	Dot with butter . 	Bake for 20 minutes or until soft . 	Baste with syrup liquid a few times during baking . 	Serve as it is or with whipped cream  ( non-dairy creamer )  .
For the sauce :  Simply combine all the ingredients ,  refrigerate until ready to use ! 	For the burgers :  Slice the green onions thin then roughly chop . 	Combine the ground_chuck with the green onions ,  salt ,  pepper and olive_oil . 	Mix by hand until just combined ,  then form 12 mini burgers . 	Place on a preheated grill pan over medium high heat  ( adjust if you need to while the burgers cook )  ,  cook 3-5 minutes per side or until cook through . 	Flip and repeat . 	You can place the finished burgers on a plate and cover with foil to keep warm while finishing the other burgers . 	Toast buns if desired then top the bottom bun with a slider ,  cheese ,  pickle ,  lettuce ,  sauce ,  then top with the top half of the bun .
Preheat the oven to 350 F .  Lightly grease 2 baking sheets or cover with parchment paper . 	Spread the nuts on an ungreased baking sheet and place in the oven . 	Toast for 8 to 10 minutes ,  shaking occasionally ,  or until aromatic . 	Remove from the oven ad turn onto a terry towel . 	Rub off the papery skins and set the nuts aside . 	Dont worry if all the skins dont rub off . 	In a large bowl with an electric mixer ,  cream the butter with the sugar and vanilla . 	Stir in the flour and salt ;  mix until the dough is smooth and pliable . 	Wrap about 2 teaspoons of dough around each nut ,  shaping the cookie into a perfect round . 	Place on the prepared baking sheets ,  2 inches apart . 	Bake for 10 to 12 minutes ,  until light brown . 	Cool . 	Slide the parchment onto a countertop to cool or remove the cookies and cool on a rack . 	For dipping the cookies ,  chop the white_chocolate and place in a small heatproof bowl with 1 teaspoon of the shortening . 	Chop the bittersweet chocolate and place in another small heatproof bowl with the remaining 1 teaspoon shortening . 	Place the bowls ,  one at a time ,  over a saucepan of simmering water until the chocolate is melted . 	Stir occasionally . 	Dip the cookies halfway in one of the chocolates . 	Place on waxed paper to harden . 	Dip the second half in the other chocolate . 	When the chocolates have hardened ,  place the cookies into paper bonbon cups . 	Store in an airtight tin in a cool place until ready to serve . 	Makes about 48 bonbons . 	The Great Holiday Baking Book B .  Ojakangas
Preheat the oven to 225F . 	In a large bowl ,  combine all the ingredients expect the crab and vegetable_oil . 	Fold in the crabmeat . 	Form into cakes about 1 inch thick . 	If the mixture will not form a firm cake ,  mix in 2 tablespoons more mayonnaise . 	Cover a baking sheet with layers of paper towels to drain the cakes . 	Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a 10- or 12-inch cast iron skillet over medium-high heat . 	Gently place 6 cakes in the pan and cook until golden ,  about 5 minutes on each side ,  turning the cakes with a spatula . 	If the pan gets too hot ,  turn down the heat to medium-low . 	Transfer the cakes to the paper towel-lined baking sheet and place in the oven to keep warm . 	Add 2 more tablespoons oil to the pan and cook the remaining cakes .
Combine the vinegar ,  lemon juice ,  and honey in a blender . 	With the motor running ,  gradually add the oil . 	Season the vinaigrette with salt and pepper ,  adding more to taste if needed .
Heat barbecue to medium-high heat . 	Toss spinach with tomatoes ,  feta and 2 Tbsp . 	dressing ;  reserve half the spinach mixture . 	Make cut in one long side of each chicken breast ,  being careful to not cut through to opposite side . 	Stuff pockets evenly with remaining spinach mixture . 	Grill chicken 5 to 7 min . 	on each side or until done  ( 170 degrees F )  ,  brushing occasionally with remaining dressing . 	Serve topped with reserved spinach mixture .
Cook and stir ground_beef in 10-inch skillet ,  breaking up into small pieces ,  until brown ;  drain reserving 1 tablespoon of fat and the beef in the skillet . 	Stir in onion ,  raisins ,  olives ,  salt and pepper . 	Cover and cook over low heat for 5 minutes . 	Stir in cottage_cheese and hard cooked egg . 	Heat oven to 400F  ( 200C )  . 	Mix egg white and water until slightly foamy ;  reserve . 	Prepare pastry dough ;  gather into a ball . 	Divide into halves . 	Shape into 2 flattened rounds on lightly floured cloth covered surface . 	Roll 1 round of pasty into circle ,  about 14 inches in diameter . 	Cut into 11 or 12 circles ,  3 1/2-inches in diameter . 	Spoon on 2 teaspoons of the beef mixture at the center of each circle ;  brush edge of pastry with egg white mixture . 	Fold pastry circle up over filling ;  press edge with fork to seal . 	Place empanaditas on ungreased cookie sheet . 	Repeat with remaining pastry circles . 	Gather any remianing pastry ;  shape into another round . 	Repeat rolling cutting and filling . 	Beat egg yolk and milk until well blended ;  brush over tops of empanaditas . 	Bake until golden brown ,  15 to 20 minutes . 	Serve warm .
In a skillet ,  cook sausage and onion until the sausage is browned and the onion is tender ;  drain . 	Remove from the heat ;  stir in 1 cup cheese ,  spinach and mushrooms . 	Transfer to a greased 9x13 baking dish . 	In a bowl beat eggs . 	Add cream and nutmeg ;  mix well . 	Pour over sausage mixture . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  at 350F or until a knife inserted near the center comes out clean . 	Sprinkle with remaining cheese . 	Let stand 5 minutes before cutting .
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil . 	Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm ,  about 15 minutes . 	Drain and mash . 	Mix in butter ,  finely chopped onion and 1/4 cup shredded cheese . 	Season with salt_and_pepper to taste ;  set aside . 	Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil . 	Add carrots and cook until tender but still firm ,  about 15 minutes . 	Drain ,  mash and set aside . 	Preheat oven to 375 degrees F . 	Heat oil in a large frying pan . 	Add onion and celery and cook until clear . 	Add crumbles  ( and worchestershire sauce if using )  and cook until well browned . 	Pour off excess fat ,  then stir in flour and cook 1 minute . 	Add ketchup ,  peas ,  and broth . 	Bring to a boil ,  reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes . 	Spread the crumbles mix in an even layer on the bottom of a 2 quart casserole dish . 	Next ,  spread a layer of mashed carrots . 	Top with the mashed potato mixture and sprinkle with remaining shredded cheese . 	Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes ,  or until golden brown . 	Serve with ketchup or gravy .
Put tea bags and ginger in cup and pour boiling_water over them	Let the hot water sit for 5 minutes to get all of the flavors out of tea bags and ginger  ( you may want to wait longer to bring it to a drinkable temperature ) 	Add lemon_juice and last of all the manuka honey  ( never add the manuka honey right away as the boiling_water will diminish the healthy side effect ) 	Drink every day especially during cold and flu season and you'll be amazed ! 	No more colds ,  no more flus ,  no more allergies ,  and its safe for kids over a year old ,  without the chemicals of over the counter medications . 	I've been drinking this mixture for nearly 2 year's without so much as a sniffle !
Halve zucchini lengthwise and cut each half crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces . 	In a large non-stick skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute zucchini with salt and pepper to taste ,  stirring ,  until golden and just tender . 	Stir in parsley . 	Serve zucchini warm or at room temperature .
Spread tomato_sauce over the mini naan_bread . 	Place cheese on top of the tomato_sauce . 	Place in toaster oven for 5 minute at 390 degrees F . 	Take out the pizza and add sliced olives . 	Cook for 1 minute . 	Serve and Enjoy !
Sprinkle roast with salt and pepper ,  and rub with 2 tablespoons brown_sugar . 	Place in a Dutch oven ,  and add 2 cups water . 	Cook ,  partially covered ,  over low heat 2 hours or until tender . 	Remove roast ,  and shred . 	Bring remaining 2 tablespoons brown_sugar ,  ketchup ,  and next 6 ingredients to a boil in a heavy saucepan . 	Reduce heat ,  and simmer 15 minutes or until thickened . 	Stir in shredded beef . 	Serve on hamburger_buns .
Lightly coat 2-quart glass baking dish with no-stick cooking spray . 	Apple Layer :  In saucepan ,  combine apples ,  sugar and 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat . 	Stir often until just tender ,  about 5 minutes . 	Layer on bottom of baking dish . 	Butternut Layer :  Pierce squash several times with 2-tine fork . 	Microwave for 10 minutes on high ;  cool slightly . 	Cut into thick slices ,  remove seeds ,  cut off peel . 	Chop into 1 inch pieces . 	Place in a baking dish and microwave squash for 10 minutes or until fork-tender . 	Add butter ,  brown_sugar ,  salt and white_pepper . 	Mash until mixture is smooth . 	Pour over apple layer in glass baking dish . 	Topping :  Stir together cornflakes ,  pecans ,  brown_sugar and butter . 	Sprinkle over squash and apple mixture . 	Bake in a 350 degree oven until heated through for 20 to 25 minutes .
Preheat oven to 350F Grease an 8 "  x 8 "  baking dish and set aside . 	Clean and trim brussels sprouts . 	Cut large ones in half . 	Score each with an  " x "  underneath to help with even cooking . 	Steam brussels sprouts and squash separately until just tender . 	 ( Note :  to save a pot ,  I started steaming the squash and then added the sprouts to the top of the same pot when the squash was half done and steamed them together ;  that worked out fine )  . 	Set squash and sprouts aside . 	While squash and sprouts cook ,  chop onion and mince celery . 	Saute onion in butter/margarine . 	Add milk and spices slowly ,  stirring to keep mixture smooth . 	Bring sauce to the boil ,  then remove from heat and taste to adjust seasonings if needed . 	In the 8 "  x 8 "  greased baking dish ,  arrange the squash cubes on bottom . 	Next ,  make an even layer of the brussels sprouts . 	Then ,  sprinkle the chopped celery over the top ,  pour the sauce over the whole thing and finish with a sprinkling of nutmeg . 	Bake in the 350F oven for 30 minutes or until the top is slightly browned  ( well ,  to your liking )  and the sauce is bubbly .
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F .  Heat the olive_oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat . 	Add the saffron ,  coriander ,  garlic ,  shallot and 1 teaspoon salt and cook ,  stirring ,  until the shallot is translucent and the oil turns yellow ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add the cauliflower ,  lemon juice and 1/3 cup water . 	Increase the heat to medium high and cook ,  stirring occasionally ,  until the cauliflower turns yellow and the water has mostly evaporated ,  about 5 minutes . 	Transfer the skillet to the oven . 	Roast ,  stirring halfway through ,  until the cauliflower is tender and golden ,  about 15 minutes . 	Season with salt and sprinkle with parsley . 	Photograph by Con Poulos
Roast onions ,  poblano and jalapeno peppers :  Place your peppers whole onto a baking sheet . 	Next ,  peel whole onions and slice them crosswise into 3 or 4 thick slices and place on the sheet . 	Drizzle with a little olive_oil or other cooking oil and place under the broiler with the oven rack raised to the highest level . 	Depending on how hot your oven gets ,  this may take anywhere from 5 to 8 minutes per side . 	Once one side is blackened and blistered ,  turn over peppers and onions and do the same on the other side . 	Remove peppers and onions from the oven and set onions aside to cool . 	Meanwhile ,  lay peppers on a large piece of plastic wrap and wrap loosely . 	Allow peppers to sweat and cool . 	Remove the plastic wrap and rub off the charred outer skin . 	 ( This doesnt have to be perfect ,  just remove most of it .  ) 	Chop onions and peppers and set aside . 	In a large Dutch oven ,  heat the olive_oil and saute diced chicken breasts until lightly browned and cooked through . 	Add peppers ,  onions and garlic and saute until fragrant . 	Remove chicken and peppers to a plate and immediately stir in chicken_broth and lime juice . 	Scrape the bottom of the pan to deglaze . 	Add 2 cans of drained beans and puree with a stick blender to give the chili some thickness . 	Add back the chicken mixture and remaining 2 cans of beans and cook over medium heat ,  stirring occasionally . 	Add cumin ,  taco_seasoning and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper ,  to taste . 	Cook on low for an additional 30 minutes ,  stirring occasionally . 	Remove from heat and stir in cilantro ,  right before serving . 	While chili is warming ,  stir together the sour_cream and the taco_seasoning for serving ;  set aside . 	To serve ,  place tortilla_chips in a bowl ,  top with chili ,  cheese and spicy taco sour_cream .
Heat 14-inch-diameter flat-bottomed wok or heavy 12-inch-diameter skillet over high heat until drop of water added to wok evaporates on contact . 	Add 1 tablespoon peanut_oil and swirl ,  then add tofu and stir-fry until tofu just begins to brown ,  about 1 minute . 	Transfer tofu to plate . 	Add remaining 1 tablespoon peanut_oil to same wok  ( do not clean )  . 	Add carrots ,  celery ,  and Szechuan preserved vegetable and stir-fry until carrots are crisp-tender ,  about 3 minutes . 	Return tofu to wok ;  add rice wine ,  salt ,  sugar ,  and white_pepper . 	Stir-fry to blend ,  about 1 minute . 	Remove pan from heat ;  stir in sesame_oil and serve .
Mince capers and garlic and mash with salt . 	In a bowl stir together garlic-caper paste with remaining ingredients and salt and pepper to taste . 	Chill mustard butter 10 minutes . 	Using wax paper as an aid ,  shape mustard butter into a 6-inch log and wrap . 	Chill butter until firm ,  at least 1 hour ,  and up to 3 days . 	Butter may be frozen ,  wrapped well in plastic wrap ,  1 month . 	Slice mustard butter as needed .
Prepare grill . 	Preheat on medium heat . 	Combine soy sauce ,  garlic ,  and pepper flakes in measuring cup . 	Place chicken in shallow baking dish . 	Pour soy sauce mix over chicken ,  coating both sides . 	Let stand for 10 minutes . 	Combine honey and lime juice in small bowl until well blended and set aside . 	Place chicken on grill . 	Brush with marinade and grill ,  covered ,  for 5 minutes . 	Brush both sides again with honey mixture . 	Grill for 5 minutes more or until chicken is cooked through . 	Enjoy !
Cut eggplant into 3/4-inch cubes  ( about 5 cups )  . 	Heat small amount salted water  ( 1/2 teaspoon salt to 1 cup water )  to boiling . 	Add eggplant . 	Heat to boiling ;  reduce heat . 	Cover and cook until tender ,  about 10 minutes ;  drain . 	Place eggplant and onion in glass or plastic bowl . 	Mix vinegar ,  garlic ,  oregano ,  salt and pepper ;  pour over eggplant and onion . 	Toss . 	Stir in tomato and parsley . 	Cover and refrigerate at least 6 hours . 	Just before serving ,  stir in oil .
Place turkey in a medium sized bowl . 	Add rest of ingredients and mix well . 	I use my hands for this . 	Shape into 6 patties . 	To eat immediately :  Grill or pan fry as desired . 	To freeze :  Place on a cookie sheet and freeze until firm . 	Then transfer to a zipper freezer bag ,  seal and freeze . 	To serve :  I grill these right from frozen . 	You can also thaw overnight in the fridge or in the microwave . 	Serve on buns with desired condiments .
Combine kale and spinach ;  place on large plate . 	Top with all remaining ingredients except dressing and nuts . 	Drizzle with dressing just before serving ;  top with nuts .
Preheat oven to 375F . 	Grease baking sheet . 	Stir all dry ingredients together . 	Add the milk and margarine and stir until mixed - dough will be sticky ! 	Turn onto well-floured counter and knead 7 times . 	Roll dough to desired thickness  ( 1 "  for biscuits or 1/2 "  for pot pie tops )  . 	Cut biscuits and place on baking sheet . 	Whisk egg and brush it onto the tops and sides of biscuits . 	If desired - top with grated cheddar cheese  ( I prefer them plain - hubby likes cheese )  . 	Bake for approximately 20-25 minutes or until golden brown and done .
Place olive_oil ,  garlic and rosemary in a 10-inch skillet . 	Heat pan until ingredients start to sizzle . 	Add beans and their liquid to the pan . 	As beans cook ,  mash them with a wooden spoon or potato masher . 	Cook until mixture is a loose spread consistency  ( it will thicken as it cools )  . 	Transfer to a serving bowl or storage container .
Add milk and cream to a medium pot . 	Bring to a gentle simmer then add salt and vinegar . 	Give it a srir and you will see the curds separating . 	Let it stand for a few minutes . 	Then transfer to a mesh strainer lined with cheese cloth or a single layer of paper towels . 	Let it drain for at least 30 minutes or until your desired consistency . 	Enjoy warm or refrigerate . 	Use within 5 days
Preheat oven to 375F . 	While the oven is warming ,  brown the ground_beef  ( or ground turkey )  and onion . 	Add the spices to the meat and onion while cooking . 	In a 2-quart casserole dish ,  or an 8x8 baking dish ,  layer ground_beef/onion mixture ,  corn ,  Spaghetti-Os and top with cheese . 	Put in the oven until warmed through and cheese is melted . 	 ( If you want to keep this recipe basic ,  omit the spices . 	Or if you like another spice blend ,  try it out !  )
Measure flour and salt into mixing bowl . 	With pastry blender ,  using an up and down chopping motion ,  thoroughly cut in shortening till particles are size of tiny peas . 	Sprinkle in water ,  1 Tbsp . 	at a time ,  mix lightly till all flour is moistened and dough almost cleans side of bowl . 	Gather dough together with hands and make into ball - roll out .
Let the pie_crusts stand at room temperature for 15 minutes or until they're easy to handle . 	Stir the salsa ,  soup ,  sour_cream ,  cheese ,  corn ,  chicken and beans in a large bowl . 	Spoon the chicken mixture into a 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish . 	Unfold the pie_crusts on a lightly floured surface . 	Lay the crusts side-by-side so that they overlap by about 3 inches in the center . 	Press the seam to seal . 	Roll the pie crust into a 14 x 10-inch rectangle . 	Place the pie crust over the chicken mixture . 	Trim the excess crust from the edge . 	Cut several slits in the crust . 	Bake at 400F . 	for 40 minutes or until the crust is golden brown .
Combine all the ingredients . 	Season chicken ,  meat-stuffed bell peppers ,  tsukune chicken meatballs ,  teriyaki amberjack . 	Pour this sauce at the end of cooking and it's done . 	 " Teriyaki Chikuwa Rolls "  . 	 " Teriyaki Chikuwa Rolls with Quail Eggs " 	 " Teriyaki Potato Meat Wraps " 	 " My Family's Staple Dish Meat Balls in Teriyaki Sauce " 	 " Meat-Stuffed Green Peppers " 	 " Teriyaki Chicken with Cheese and Eggs " 	 " Everybody's Favourite Teriyaki Chicken " 	 " Fried Chicken with Teriyaki Sauce and Mayonnaise " 	 " Teriyaki Japanese Hamburger Steak " 	 " Japanese Amberjack Teriyaki " 	 " Teriyaki Chicken Pizza " 	 " Easy Daikon Meat Wraps " 	 " Yellowtail Amberjack Teriyaki " 	Curried Teriyaki Chicken . 	 " Easy Squid Teriyaki "  .
In a medium bowl ,  dissolve yeast in warm_water ,  then add salt  &  sugar to the yeast mixture . 	Blend in the flour  &  knead the dough until smooth ,  about 7 or 8 minutes . 	Cover  &  let dough rise for 1 to 1 1/4 hours or until double in bulk . 	Grease several cookie sheets ,  then punch dough down  &  cut it into 12 pieces . 	Slightly beat the egg  &  set aside . 	Roll each piece of dough into a thin rope about as round as your little finger ,  then twist each into pretzel shapes before placing them on a greased cookie sheet . 	Using a pastry brish ,  coat the top of each pretzel with the beaten egg  &  sprinkle with coarse_salt ,  before allowing the pretzels to rise until almost double in bulk . 	Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F  &  bake the pretzels for 10 to 15 minutes ,  or until browned . 	Best if eaten while stlil warm ,  but if allowed to cool ,  store in an airtight container .
Soak the porcini in warm water for 20 minutes to rehydrate . 	Once rehydrated ,  roughly mince them up . 	Add the soup stock cube to the rehydration water ,  and microwave for about 40 seconds to dissolve . 	Mince the onion and cut the garlic into thick slices . 	Add olive_oil and the garlic to a cold frying pan and heat on low . 	Once the aroma has transferred to the oil remove the garlic . 	Increase to medium heat and add the onions . 	Once the onions have become translucent ,  add the rice and porcini and mix . 	Add the white_wine and cook off the alcohol . 	Add 200 ml of the Step 2 bouillon and gently shake the frying pan to evaporate the moisture . 	Once the moisture has evaporated ,  add the remaining bouillon in 3 parts  ( this step makes it al dente in about 17-20 minutes )  . 	Add the ingredients and mix together . 	Add salt while testing the flavor . 	Once you have your desired flavor top with black pepper and it's complete .
1 . 	Trim any gristle from the steak ,  then cut into 1-in . 	cubes . 	Arrange the steak cubes on a platter or possibly individaule plates . 	Garnish with lettuce leaves and watercress ,  if you like . 	2 . 	Spoon the mustard into a very small serving dish . 	3 . 	Spoon the sauces into individual serving dishes . 	4 . 	Half fill the metal - not pottery - fondue pot . 	Heat the oil in the pot  (  or possibly in a saucepan on top of the stove )  till it is very warm and beginning to bubble . 	5 . 	Place the pot of oil on it's stand over the burner in the center of the table . 	Each diner cooks his own cube of meat on a long-handled fork . 	The meat is dipped into mustard or possibly a sauce before eating . 	This dish :  Fondue bourguignonne
Preheat oven to 350F . 	Grease and butter a 9x13-inch glass pan . 	In a food processor mix the dough ingredients . 	Pour into prepared pan . 	Mix sugar and cinnamon together . 	Pour half the sugar on batter . 	Place in 3 rows 10 slices of peaches each row . 	Eat 2 slices for yourself . 	Sprinkle the chopped nut over the peaches then top with the sugar and drizzle the butter over the sugar . 	Bake for 30-35 minutes .
In a small bowl ,  mix together mayonnaise and Italian_dressing . 	Spread mixture on hoagie_rolls . 	Spread each roll with mustard . 	On each roll ,  arrange layers of turkey ,  ham ,  and cheese . 	Top each with dill_pickle_slices . 	Close sandwiches ,  and brush tops and bottoms with olive_oil . 	Heat a non-stick skillet over medium high heat . 	Place sandwiches in skillet . 	Cook sandwiches for 2 minutes ,  pressing down with a plate covered with aluminum foil . 	Flip ,  and cook for 2 more minutes ,  or until cheese is melted . 	Remove from heat ,  place on plates ,  and cut in half diagonally .
Shred the cabbage . 	Combine the cabbage with the chopped tomatoes in a large pot over medium heat . 	Separately ,  brown the beef in a non-stick pan . 	Add beef ,  other vegetables and spices . 	Cover and cook for 60 minutes or until it's done .
Brush vegetables with 3 cups  ( 750 mL )  dressing  ( or with 1/4 cup [60 mL] dressing for trial recipe )  . 	Grill on medium-high heat 3 to 4 min . 	or until crisp-tender ,  turning frequently . 	Cool . 	Cut vegetables into bite-size pieces ;  toss with remaining 3 cups  ( 750 mL )  dressing  ( or with 1/4 cup [60 mL] dressing for trial recipe )  and black pepper . 	For each serving :  Top 1 tortilla with 1 cup  ( 250 mL )  vegetable mixture and 1 cheese slice . 	Roll up tightly ;  secure with toothpick .
In a mixing bowl ,  cream butter ,  oil and sugar . 	Beat in eggs and vanilla . 	Combine dry ingredients ;  add to the creamed mixture alternately with milk . 	Mix well . 	Stir in zucchini . 	Pour into a greased 13 x 9 inch baking pan . 	Sprinkle with chocolate chips . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 40-45 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean . 	Cool on a wire rack .
Mix all ingredients together and freeze .
Proof the yeast by placing it in the warm milk ,  let it bubble for 5 minutes . 	Mix the sugar ,  shortening ,  salt and eggs until creamy . 	Add the yeast and milk . 	Stir in the 4 cups  ( 950 ml )  of flour a bit at a time . 	Knead for 5 minutes or until elastic . 	Let rise until doubled ,  about 1 1/2 hours . 	Break off bits of the dough about 1 inch round and place 3 balls each in greased muffin tins . 	Let rise until doubled ,  about 1 hour . 	Bake in a preheated 350 degree  ( 175 C .  )  oven for 20 minutes . 	Remove from muffin tins and serve warm or cool on racks .
In a wide-bottomed saucepan ,  add tomatoes and peppers . 	Cook until peppers are limp . 	Add broth and simmer slowly for about 10 minutes . 	Stir in milk ,  add salt and hot pepper seasoning to taste . 	Mix cheese into the soup and serve immediately .
In a large bowl ,  cream together the shortening and sugar . 	Add the corn syrup ,  eggs ,  salt and vanilla and mix well . 	In a separate bowl ,  sift together the flour ,  baking_soda ,  baking_powder ,  cinnamon and cardamom . 	Gradually add the creamed mixture and beat well . 	Cover and chill for at least 2 hours . 	Preheat oven to 350 . 	On a lightly floured surface ,  roll dough out to 1/4 inch thickness . 	Cut with your favorite cookie cutters . 	Bake on greased cookie sheets at 350 for 8 to 12 minutes ,  depending on size of cutouts .
Drizzle olive_oil over first set cut up veggies  ( carrots ,  potatoes ,  and onion ) 	Mix the first set of herbs together	Toss with oil coated veggies	Layer on a cookie sheet . 	Bake 450F for 20 minutes . 	Meanwhile prepare second set cut up veggies  ( peppers ,  zucchini ,  and squash )  by drizzling oil over them . 	Mix second set of herbs . 	Toss with second set of veggies . 	After the 20 minutes are up for the first set of veggies ,  mix the second set of veggies in ,  so you have one glorious mixture of herbed vegetables . 	Bake an additional 20 minutes at 450F . 	Enjoy !
Preheat oven to 400F . 	Combine butter ,  3 tablespoons prosciutto ,  2 1/2 teaspoons rosemary and 1 1/2 teaspoons mustard in bowl . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Run fingers under skin over breast of each game hen ,  loosening skin from meat . 	Rub 1 tablespoon butter mixture under skin over breast of each hen . 	Sprinkle hens inside and out with salt and pepper . 	Place 1 teaspoons butter mixture in each cavity . 	Truss hens with kitchen string . 	Place hens on rack in large roasting pan . 	Pour 1/3 cup broth over hens . 	Dot each hen with 1 teaspoon butter mixture . 	Roast hens 30 minutes ,  basting with remaining broth and butter every 10 minutes . 	Continue roasting without basting until juices run clear when thigh is pierced at thickest part ,  about 30 minutes more . 	Reserve 1/4 cup pan juices . 	Cool hens . 	Cut each hen in half . 	Mix mayonnaise ,  apricot spread ,  remaining prosciutto ,  rosemary and mustard ,  and 1/4 cup pan juices in small bowl . 	 ( Hens and sauce can be made 1 day ahead . 	Cover and chill .  ) 	Arrange watercress on large platter . 	Arrange hens atop . 	Serve with sauce .
Shake with cracked ice and strain into chilled cocktail or margarita glass .
Cook pasta until al dente and drain . 	Butter 12-inch cast iron skillet . 	Heat broth with tomatillos and Hatch chiles and cook for 10 minutes . 	Transfer to food processor and pulse . 	Add onion ,  garlic ,  cilantro and salt . 	Heat oil in saucepan . 	Add tomatillo mixture and cook over medium-low heat for six minutes . 	Stir in half and half and cheeses until heated through . 	Toss in pasta and chicken and place in cast iron skillet . 	Mix last four ingredients for topping and spread over pasta mixture . 	Place skillet under broiler for 15 minutes until golden brown .
Preheat oven to 375 . 	Lightly grease/spray a casserole dish . 	Place cubed chicken in the bottom of the casserole dish . 	Layer sliced_mushrooms over chicken . 	Layer sliced_water_chestnuts over mushrooms . 	Layer chopped broccoli over water chestnuts . 	Set aside . 	In medium saucepan over med-low heat ,  melt butter ;  add chopped onion and saute for about 5 minutes . 	Stir in flour and stir until smooth . 	Add broth ,  milk ,  sherry and spices . 	Heat to boiling ,  stirring constantly . 	Boil and stir 1 minute . 	Pour hot sauce mixture evenly over casserole . 	Sprinkle with the breadcrumbs . 	Bake at 375 for about 15-20 minutes or until bubbly and top is lightly browning .
Cream margarine and sugar together . 	Mix in eggs and flour and beat until fluffy . 	Fold in vanilla and buttermilk . 	Pour in unbaked pie crust . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 45-50 minutes .
Cut the pork belly into serving pieces then combine with the garlic ,  peppercorn , laurel_leaves ,  salt and water in a pan . 	Bring to a boil and simmer for 35-45 minutes or until skin is tender . 	Drain ,  cool and air dry . 	Deep-fry liempo pieces in batches until golden brown and blisters appear on skin . 	Mix all the sauce ingredients . 	Enjoy !
Cut each chicken breast into 2 equal pieces  ( if they are 12 ounces or more ,  cut them into 3 pieces )  . 	Place two sheets of plastic wrap  ( 1 large sheet if you have extra-wide wrap )  on your work surface ,  overlapping slightly ,  to make 1 wide sheet ,  and brush lightly with olive oil . 	Place a piece of chicken in the middle of plastic sheet and brush lightly with oil . 	Cover the chicken with another wide layer of plastic wrap . 	Working from the center to the outside ,  pound chicken breast with the flat side of a meat tenderizer until about 1/4 inch thick . 	Ddont pound too hard or youll tear the meat . 	If that happens it wont be the end of the world ,  youll just have a few pieces to cook .  ) 	Repeat with the remaining chicken breast pieces . 	Bring a large pot of water to a boil ,  add salt to taste and blanch greens for 1 to 2 minutes . 	Using a skimmer or a slotted spoon ,  transfer greens to a bowl of cold water ,  then drain and squeeze out excess water . 	Alternatively ,  steam greens for 2 to 3 minutes ,  until wilted . 	Chop medium-fine and set aside . 	Season pounded chicken breasts with salt and pepper on one side only . 	Dredge lightly in the flour and tap the breasts to remove excess . 	Turn oven on low and get out a platter or a sheet pan . 	Heat a wide ,  heavy skillet over high heat and add oil . 	When oil is hot ,  place one or two pieces of chicken in the pan however many will fit without crowding . 	Cook for 1 1/2 minutes ,  until bottom is browned in spots . 	Turn over and brown on other side ,  about 1 1/2 minutes . 	 ( Do not overcook or chicken will be dry .  ) 	Transfer to platter or sheet pan and keep warm in the oven . 	Repeat with rest of chicken ,  if any . 	If there is more than a tablespoon of fat in the pan ,  pour some of it off into a jar or bowl . 	To deglaze the pan ,  add wine and lemon juice to pan and scrape . 	Whisk in softened butter and capers ,  and stir until sauce is velvety . 	Pour over chicken . 	Sprinkle on parsley . 	Transfer greens to pan and heat through ,  stirring . 	Season to taste with salt and pepper . 	Arrange on plates with the chicken on top or on the side .
Preheat oven to 300F . 	In a medium sized bowl ,  mix together oats ,  sesame_seeds ,   &  sunflower_seeds or almonds ,  &  coconut . 	C . 	ombine honey ,  oil ,  or water  &  pour over this mixture . 	Stir well . 	Spread on large rmmed cookie sheet  &  bake 35-40 minute until nicely browned on top . 	Stir granola every 5 to 10 minutes while baking . 	Remove from oven  &  allow to cool . 	Add raisins  &  stir . 	Store in a nicely sealed jar to keep fresh . 	Will keep several weeks or can also be frozen .
Heat the ghee in a wok over low heat . 	Stir in the chickpea_flour and cook over low heat until the chickpea_flour is toasted and the mixture smells fragrant ,  about 10 minutes . 	The mixture should be pasty ,  not powdery . 	Remove the mixture from the heat and cool slightly until it is warm ,  not hot . 	Grind the coconut ,  if using ,  in a coffee grinder until fine . 	Add the ground_almonds ,  superfine_sugar ,  ground coconut ,  and ground_cardamom to the wok and mix thoroughly . 	While the mixture is warm ,  shape it into round balls that are about 1- to 1 1/4 inches in diameter . 	Store the ladoos in an airtight container and let them sit for 2 to 3 hours to cool completely . 	They can be eaten immediately ,  but taste better after several hours .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F . 	Arrange chips in bottom of 13 X 9 inch baking dish . 	Evenly spread shredded chicken on top . 	In a food processor or blender ,  puree tomatoes then add the Tabasco sauce . 	Heat oil in a large pan ,  add onion  &  saute until golden ,  about 7 minutes . 	Add the garlic  &  cook 1 minute more . 	Stir in the broth ,  tomatoes  &  salt . 	Heat to a boil then stir in cilantro . 	Pour hot sauce over chicken  &  chips ,  coating evenly . 	Sprinkle with cheese  &  bake for 15 minutes or till browned on top  &  bubbly .
Mix bay ,  cider ,  sugar ,  grill seasoning and vegetable_oil in the bottom of a large food storage bag ,  squish it all together until evenly combined . 	Drop the meat into the bag and move it around to evenly coat it . 	Let stand 10 to 12 minutes . 	Preheat a grill pan or indoor/outdoor grill to high . 	Thinly slice 1 1/2 onions and reserve 1/2 onion whole but peeled . 	Heat a medium skillet over medium heat . 	Add 2 tablespoons butter and melt it . 	Add the sliced onions to the pan . 	Peel ,  core and slice the apple and add it to the onions . 	Season the apples and onions with salt ,  pepper and nutmeg . 	Cook the apples and onions 5 or 6 minutes ,  then add cooked red_cabbage and combine then reduce heat to low . 	Set aside and keep warm . 	Place meat on grill and let a bay leaf remain stuck on each steak . 	As the meat cooks ,  the heat will infuse the flavor throughout the meat . 	Cook steaks about 6 minutes on each side . 	Then ,  let meat rest . 	Discard leaves . 	While meat cooks ,  place potatoes in a pot and cover with water ,  bring water to a boil then salt it . 	Cook potatoes 10 to 12 minutes or until tender . 	Drain potatoes and return to the hot pot . 	Mash them with sour_cream ,  horseradish and chives and season with salt_and_pepper ,  to taste . 	Potatoes will be thick and spicy . 	If you like looser mashed potatoes ,  add a little milk or stock ,  continue to smash . 	While potatoes cook ,  remove the red_cabbage to a serving bowl and cover with foil . 	In the same skillet that the cabbage was cooked in ,  add 2 tablespoons butter . 	Melt butter then grate the reserved 1/2 onion with a hand held grater into the butter . 	Cook the grated onions 2 minutes then add flour and cook a minute more . 	Whisk in red wine and cook off a minute then whisk in stock and bring to a simmer . 	Stir in mustard and gingersnaps and season the sauce with salt_and_pepper . 	Let sauce thicken a couple of minutes . 	Thinly slice the flank steak on an angle against the grain . 	Place a mound of potatoes on each dinner plate . 	Lay out some sliced flank steak along the edge of potatoes and dress with a ladle of sauer-sauce . 	Serve red_cabbage ,  apples and onions alongside or in small side dishes .
Cook pasta according to package directions . 	Drain . 	Preheat oven to 375 degrees . 	Spray rectangle baking dish with vegetable cooking spray . 	In large mixing bowl ,  combine ricotta cheese ,  1/2 of the mozzarella_cheese ,  and 1 cup of the sauce ,  with the basil ,  garlic_powder ,  and pepper . 	Add in cooked ,  drained ziti ,  and mix well . 	Spoon pasta mixture into casserole dish . 	Spread remaining sauce over top of the casserole ,  then top with remaining mozzarella_cheese . 	Sprinkle Parmesan on top and cover and bake for approximately 20 minutes . 	Uncover and continue to bake an additional 15 minutes .
Fry bacon . 	Remove bacon from pan ;  add butter . 	Add flour ;  purists say don't brown flour but I do because I don't like a raw flour taste ,  and I cook on high  ( sigh )  . 	Add milk . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	Cook until thickened . 	Add cheese . 	crumble up bacon and add here .
Add about 5 cups in a pot with a lid	Add grounded red pepper ,  garlic ,  salt ,  soy_sauce ,  radish ,  onion	Bring to boil	Add fish  ( I prefer chopped whole fish with head for broth )  ,  all the seafood stack it nicely ,  cover lid	When the seafood is almost cooked add watercress  ( you can put alot cus they wither down alot ! 	 )  ,  tofu ,  enoki_mushrooms ,  cover lid bring to boil	Add salt to taste
Process all ingredients EXCEPT OIL in a blender or food processor until smooth . 	With machine running ,  slowly pour in oil until mixture is thickened and blended . 	Pour into bottles or jars . 	Cover tightly . 	Shake before using .
In a large skillet ,  saute the onions in butter for 2-3 minutes or until tender . 	Stir in the corn ;  cover and cook for 4-5 minutes or until heated through . 	Meanwhile ,  in a small bowl ,  combine the cornstarch ,  cream ,  water ,  salt and pepper until smooth . 	Stir into corn mixture . 	Bring to a boil ;  Cook uncovered for 2 minutes or until thickened . 	Stir in tomatoes and serve !
Mix tomatoes ,  basil ,  oil ,  garlic ,  salt and pepper . 	Cook rotini as directed on package ;  drain . 	Toss rotini with tomato mixture and grated topping . 	Serve immediately .
Preheat oven to 350	Cut squash in half lengthwise and scoop out and discard the seeds . 	Place the squash inside-up on a baking pan and pour the water into the pan . 	Rub the margarine and seasoning into the squash halves . 	Mix the jicama ,  carrots ,  green onion ,  and tomatoes and fill the halves evenly . 	Cook until tender ,  about 30 minutes . 	Once tender ,  place on top rack and grill for 5 minutes . 	Remove from oven and put shredded mozzarella on top . 	Cut each half ,  scoop out the goodies and enjoy !
Heat oil in a small saucepan over medium heat . 	bell pepper and onion and cook until almost tender . 	Add beans and broth  ( or water )  to the pan . 	Cook until heated through . 	Stir in quinoa .
In a large heavy skillet ,  brown meat well . 	Stir in remaining ingredients . 	Bring to a boil ,  then immediately reduce heat . 	Barely simmer at least 2 hours ,  stirring periodically . 	If the sauce becomes too thick ,  add a little water .
In a large bowl combine the flour with the lard ,  butter and salt . 	Mix lightly with your fingertips until the dough forms grape-sized pieces . 	You should be able to see chunks of fat . 	Stir in the iced water . 	Lightly knead ,  handling the dough as little as possible ,  until the dough forms a ball . 	Add a little more iced water if necessary . 	Transfer to a plastic bag and shape into a log . 	Seal the bag ,  pressing out any air ,  and chill for as little as 1 hour or as long as 3 days . 	The pie_dough can be frozen for as long as a week . 	Butter and flour a 9-inch glass pie plate . 	On a lightly floured surface roll the dough to a 12-inch round about 1/8-inch thick . 	Line the pie plate ,  being sure to press the dough into the bottom and up the sides without stretching . 	Chill 30 minutes . 	Roughly chop the apples into small pieces ,  about the size of lima beans . 	 ( The apples should measure about 9 cups chopped .  ) 	Combine with the sugar ,  tapioca ,  cinnamon ,  salt and lemon juice in a large bowl . 	Set aside until the juices begin to run ,  about 10 - 15 minutes . 	Beat together the cream and egg to make a glaze and brush over the edges and bottom of the crust . 	Mound the apple filling in the pie shell . 	It will be quite full . 	Roll out the remaining dough to a large round about 1/8'' thick . 	Place over the filling a seal the edges together by gently pressing together . 	Trim any excess dough with scissors and flute the edges . 	Brush the top with the remaining egg glaze . 	Using a paring knife ,  cut out and remove a circle the size of a quarter from the center of the top crust . 	Cut 5 or 6 slits in a spoke pattern beginning 1/2-inch from the center hole and ending 1/2-inch from the outside edge . 	Chill for 30 minutes before baking . 	Preheat oven to 425 degrees . 	Place the pie plate on a cookie sheet and bake 10 - 15 minutes . 	or until the top is golden brown . 	Reduce the heat to 300 degrees and continue baking until the juice visible in the center becomes thick and bubbly ,  about 1 hour  ( if the edges are browning too quickly ,  cover with aluminum foil )  . 	Meanwhile prepare the caramel_topping . 	Spoon the hot caramel over the top of the pie to coat and return to the oven . 	Bake 5 minutes longer ,  or until the caramel sets . 	Cool on a rack before serving . 	In a small saucepan combine brown_sugar ,  butter and cream . 	Bring to a boil and cook for 2 minutes . 	Remove from the heat and stir in the pecan_halves .
Combine first 5 ingredients in a large bowl . 	Combine vanilla and next 3 ingredients ;  add in to flour mix ,  stirring till well-blended	 ( dough will be dry )  . 	Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface ,  and knead lightly 7 or possibly 8 times . 	Shape dough into a 16-inch-long roll . 	Place roll on a baking sheet coated with cooking spray ,  and flatten roll to 1-inch thickness . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 30 min . 	Remove roll from baking sheet to a wire rack ,  and let cold 10 min . 	Cut roll diagonally into 30	 ( 1/2-inch )  slices ,  and place ,  cut sides down ,  on baking sheet . 	Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees ,  and bake 10 min . 	Turn cookies over ,  and bake an additional 10 min  ( cookies will be slightly soft in center but will harden as they cold )  . 	Remove from baking sheet ;  let cold completely on wire rack . 	S :  2-1/2 dozen  ( serving size :  1 cookie )  .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F .  Spray a 13 x 9 inch pan with non stick cooking spray . 	In a large bowl whisk the sugar ,  eggs ,  milk ,  cream and vanilla until well combined . 	Pour mixture over bread cubes that have been poured into prepared baking dish . 	Crumble the cheesecake cookies until they are in tiny pieces ,  they do not have to be perfect . 	Place crumbled cookies evenly over bread pudding and bake for 35-40 minutes or until set . 	Remove from oven . 	To prepare caramel sauce ,  place brown sugar and water into a small saucepan over medium heat . 	Stir and let bubble for 5 minutes then stir in butter and heavy_cream . 	Stir until smooth then drizzle over warm bread pudding . 	Spoon into serving dishes and serve warm .
PREPARE THE COMPONENTS : 	Dredge chicken breasts in seasoned flour  &  brown in 2 T Olive Oil over med-high heat ,  'til nicely browned ,  but not cooked through - Set aside	Carmelize onions by sauteeing over low heat in 2 T olive_oil ,  stirring occassionally ,  until soft ,  brown ,  and becoming sticky - Set Aside	Saute chopped mushrooms in 2 T Olive Oil until soft ;  add Basil ,  Tarragon ,  Salt  &  Pepper to taste - Set aside	ASSEMBLE THE PACKAGES : 	Lay a sheet of phyllo on counter - brush lightly with mixture of melted butter  &  olive_oil  ( Keep phyllo tightly wrapped at all times until ready to use - if not ,  it will become dried-out  &  unusable almost immediately ) 	Fold in half  &  brush top again	Set a chicken breast at center toward bottom ;  spread 1/4 of onions ,  1/4 of spinach ,  1/4 of mushrooms ,   &  1/4 of sliced cheese on top	fold phyllo in on both ends  &  bottom ,  and roll up like an envelope ,  brushin dry areas w/ oil-butter mixture as you go	Repeat w/ remaining ingredients ,   &  place all on baking sheet	May be refrigerated or frozen at this point	BAKE : 	In a 325 degree oven about 30 minutes ,  'til golden	Serve w/ salad  &  rice pilaf ,  and a good white wine such as Sauvignon Blanc
Mix together sour_cream ,  mayo ,  and lemon_juice . 	Stir in green_onions ,  bleu cheese ,  and salt and pepper to taste . 	Chill for 2 hours before serving .
In a small bowl ,  dissolve the sugar in the warm_water . 	Sprinkle the yeast over the water and let stand for 10 minutes . 	In the bowl of a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment ,  add 3 cups of the flour ,  the salt ,  2 tablespoons of the olive_oil ,  and the yeast mixture . 	Turn the mixer on low speed and slowly mix until the dough comes together . 	Gradually add remaining flour . 	If the dough seems too wet ,  add up to 1/4 cup more flour . 	Place the dough into an oiled bowl ,  cover and let rise in a warm place ,  free from drafts for 3 hours . 	Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F . 	Punch down the dough ,  and transfer onto a lightly greased 9-by-13-inch baking sheet . 	Spread the dough to the edges of the baking sheet . 	Using your fingertips ,  make  " dimples "  in the dough . 	Drizzle the dough with 2 tablespoons of the olive_oil and sprinkle with olives ,  almonds and savory . 	Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper . 	Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until golden brown . 	Drizzle with remaining 2 tablespoons of olive_oil .
Toss together coleslaw blend and dressing . 	Refrigerate at least 30 min . 	to blend flavors .
Combine graham_cracker_crumbs ,  condensed milk ,  chocolate_chips ,  and nuts . 	Mix well . 	Scrape into a greased and floured 8x8 inch square baking dish . 	Bake at 350 degrees Fahrenheit for 25 minutes . 	Cut into squares while warm .
Peel eggplant and slice into 1/2 inches slices . 	Mix flour , salt and pepper in a bowl . 	Mix egg and milk in a different bowl . 	Heat 1/4 cup vegetable_oil in a med frying pan . 	Dip eggplant slices into flour , egg/milk mixture and into flour again . 	Place 4 slices at a time into oil in frying pan . 	Fry eggplant on each side until each side is golden brown . 	Remove eggplant from pan and place on paper towels to drain . 	Wipe pan clean and repeat above process above to cook the rest of eggplant . 	In a medium saucepan add 1/8 cup olive_oil ,  add chopped shallot ,  cook until tender . 	Add tomatoes ,  sugar ,  garlic ,  Italian seasoning and white_wine . 	Cook on low heat for 10 minutes . 	In a 8x8 baking dish cover bottom with tomato mixture . 	Place a single layer of eggplant on bottom dish . 	Pour tomato mixture over eggplant . 	Sprinkle asiago_cheese over top of tomatoes . 	Repeat process for next layers . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 25 minutes or until cheese is melted .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F  ( 190 degrees C )  . 	Whisk melted butter and milk together with a fork . 	Soak the bread slices in the milk mixture ,  turning to cover both sides completely . 	Sprinkle half of the thyme over one side of the bread pieces . 	Heat a dry skillet over medium-low heat ,  and fry the bread ,  thyme-side down ,  until lightly browned ,  about 5 minutes . 	Sprinkle the remaining thyme over the bread ;  turn over and fry until lightly browned ,  about 5 minutes more . 	Transfer to a baking sheet ;  sprinkle with the Cheddar cheese . 	Bake in the preheated oven until the cheese is bubbly ,  about 10 minutes . 	Remove and serve immediately with salt and cracked pepper .
In a large bowl ;  mix together corn_flakes ,  peanuts and set aside . 	In a saucepan ;  combine sugar and Karo syrup . 	Bring to a boil and cover for one minute . 	Set aside for one minute . 	Stir in peanut_butter and vanilla . 	Pour over corn flake mixture and stir very well . 	Drop by spoonfuls onto wax paper . 	Let cool .
Preheat oven . 	Bake biscuits according to package . 	Brown sausage in heavy pan ;  crumble as it cooks . 	If needed ,  add butter when brown . 	Sprinkle flour on ,  mix well . 	Slowly add milk ,  more or less as needed . 	Bring to a low slow boil stirring constantly  ( it will thicken as it cooks )  . 	Split biscuits in half and pour gravy over .
Brown the breakfast_sausage in a skillet until thoroughly done ,  breaking it up into small bits as it cooks . 	Meanwhile ,  combine the cream_cheese and Ro-Tel in a sauce pot and heat over medium-low heat until the cream_cheese is melted and smooth . 	Drain the browned sausage in a colander and add to the cream_cheese mixture . 	Stir well . 	Serve warm with tortilla chips . 	 * Note :  If your crowd likes things a little spicier ,  you can substitute spicy breakfast_sausage and/or spicy Ro-Tel .
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F . 	Spray a cookie sheet with cooking_spray . 	Grind the cereal in a food processor . 	Transfer the cereal to a shallow bowl . 	In a large plastic bag ,  combine the seasoning ,  chicken ,  buttermilk ,  mustard ,  sazon ,  allspice and hot_sauce . 	Seal the bag and shake well . 	Remove the chicken from the bag and coat with ground cereal . 	Put the chicken on the cookie sheet and bake until the center of the breast registers 170 degrees F .  on an instant-read thermometer ,  about 14 to 16 minutes . 	Arrange the breasts on a serving platter and serve .
Put all of the ingredients into the blender ,  in the order listed . 	Put the lid on and blend on high until smooth . 	You may need to stop and stir/scrape down the sides of the blender a few times . 	Notes :  If you prefer a thicker consistency ,  feel free to use frozen strawberries or frozen peaches . 	I recommend using one or the other because using all frozen fruits could jam your blender . 	If you prefer a less sweet smoothie ,  you may leave out the honey . 	Add more frozen fruit and less fresh fruit if you prefer a thicker smoothie .
Scrub ,  scrub ,  scrub and wash fresh clams_in_shells ;  set aside--throw out any that are opened . 	In a large pot ,  cook the sausage over medium heat until browned ;  transfer to a paper towel lined plate to drain ;  set aside . 	Add the olive_oil to the pot ;  saute the onion and garlic over medium-high heat ,  stirring constantly ,  until soft and tender . 	Add potatoes ,  corn ,  clam_juice ,  water ,  fennel seed ,  and cayenne . 	Bring to a boil ;  cover ,  lower heat and simmer 15-20 minutes or until potatoes are tender . 	Add in tomatoes ;  stir to combine . 	Remove 2 cups potato mixture and transfer to the container of an electric blender . 	Process until smooth and return mixture to the pot . 	Bring to a boil ;  add clams ;  cover ,  lower heat and simmer 4-5 minutes or until clam shells open  ( Throw out any that do not open )  . 	Add in sausage and parsley ;  stir and cook until heated ;  season with salt/pepper if needed . 	Serve .
Cook broccoli and arrange in a dish . 	Place chicken on top . 	Combine soup ,  mayonnaise ,  lemon_juice ,  curry_powder and pour over chicken and broccoli . 	Sprinkle with cheese and combined bread crumbs and butter . 	Bake at 350F for 25 to 30 minutes .
1 . 	To make the stuffing :  Preheat the oven to 250F . 	Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-low heat . 	Add the bacon and fry until it is cooked through but still a little pink and soft . 	Remove the bacon from the skillet  ( leave the oil and fat in the skillet )  and ,  when cool enough to handle ,  chop it fine . 	2 . 	While the skillet is still hot ,  add the onions and place over low heat . 	Cook ,  stirring frequently ,  about 2 minutes . 	Add the mushrooms and bacon and raise the heat to medium . 	Season to taste with salt and pepper :  Cover the skillet and cook for 15 minutes . 	Transfer the stuffing to an ovenproof dish and keep warm in the oven . 	3 . 	Meanwhile ,  make the pancakes :  Grate the potatoes on the large holes of a box grater or with the grating disk of a food processor . 	Roll the potatoes in a clean kitchen towel and wring out any excess moisture . 	Transfer the potatoes to a bowl and stir in the egg ,  bread crumbs ,  and salt and pepper to taste . 	4 . 	To cook the pancakes ,  pour the oil into the skillet and place over medium heat . 	When the oil is very hot but not smoking ,  pour a scant 1/4 cup of batter and spread it out with a spatula until it is about 6 inches in diameter . 	Cook until the bottom is golden brown ,  about 3 minutes ,  then flip and cook the other side until browned and the pancake is slightly crispy ,  about 3 minutes more . 	Transfer the pancake to a plate and place in the oven to keep warm . 	Repeat until all the batter is used . 	5 . 	To serve ,  place 1/4 cup of the stuffing mixture on each pancake and then fold over . 	Put a dollop of sour_cream on the side .
Heat oven to 300F . 	Spray large baking sheet with cooking spray . 	Cook caramels ,  butter and water in large saucepan on low heat until caramels are melted ,  stirring frequently . 	Combine popcorn and nuts in large bowl . 	Add caramel mixture ;  toss to coat . 	Spread onto prepared baking sheet . 	Bake 20 min .  ,  stirring after 10 min . 	Spoon onto sheet of waxed paper ;  cool completely . 	Break into clusters .
combine ground_flax_seeds with water ,  whisk and set aside . 	combine the rest of the ingredients ,  adding butter last . 	mix in flax and water combo after it has thickened  ( couple minutes )  . 	grease 8 "  x 8 "  pan  ( or something of similar size )  and spread in batter . 	bake at 350 degrees for approximately 20 minutes ,  give or take . 	check brownies regularly to see if they're done  ( should feel springy and solid in center )  . 	share !
In a bowl ,  soak rice with water for 20 minutes . 	In extra large skillet/wok heat up oil ,  saute garlic ,  onion and tomato . 	Season with black_pepper and add rice . 	Lightly saute and add shrimp_broth ,  bay_leaves and saffron ,  simmer . 	In another skillet fry up the chicken ,  pork_ribs until semi-done and crunchy . 	Add octopus and calamari ,  stir and reserve to the side . 	Incorporate the mixtures of meats and shrimp ,  clams ,  to the jasmine_rice skillet . 	Cover with aluminum and let it simmer 10 minutes . 	Add the dry_white_wine and simmer 20 more minutes . 	Decorate with bell peppers and cilantro .
Clean ,  peel ,  boil ,  drain ,  rinse ,  and cool potatoes . 	In a separate bowl mix remaining ingredients . 	Stir into potatoes . 	Cover and cool thoroughly before serving .
Soak dried mushrooms . 	Shred roast_pork ,  Chinese_cabbage stems ,  bamboo_shoots ,  and soaked mushrooms . 	Slice water_chestnuts thin . 	Heat oil . 	Add vegetables and pork ;  stir fry 1 minute . 	Then cook ,  covered ,  1 to 2 minutes over medium heat . 	Drain and let cool . 	Beat eggs . 	Stir in salt ,  sugar and stir fried ingredients . 	Heat remaining oil . 	Fry mixture as small omelets ,  or divide mixture in half and pan fry as 2 separate large omelets . 	Turn over to brown each side . 	NOTE :  This omelet is sometimes called Subgum Egg Foo Yung because of its many and varied ingredients . 	VARIATIONS-------- . 	For the bamboo_shoots ,  substitute 1 cup bean sprouts ,  blanched . 	For the Chinese_cabbage ,  substitute celery ,  blanched . 	In step 3 ,  add with vegetables and pork 1 slice fresh ginger root ,  minced ;  6 scallion stalks ,  slivered ;  and 1/4 cup smoked ham ,  shredded .
In a large bowl ,  with a hand blender ,  mix peanut_butter ,  agave and eggs until creamy . 	Blend in salt and baking_soda . 	Mix in peanuts and chocolate . 	Scoop batter one heaping 1/4 cup at a time into paper lined cupcake tins . 	Bake at 350 for 20-25 minutes . 	Cool for 2 hours . 	Top with Vegan Chocolate Frosting . 	Serve .
Cream peanut_butter and oil . 	Add in sugar ;  mix . 	Add in Large eggs one at a time ,  beating till light and creamy . 	Add in lowfat milk/vinegar . 	Sift flour ,  pwdr ,  soda and salt over mix . 	Mix till flour is blended in ,  then beat with spoon till light and fluffy . 	Bake 375 degrees for 20 min . 	Cold . 	Frost with peanut_butter frosting .
Mix all ingredients in a bowl . 	Sprinkle  ( to taste )  on your meat . 	Makes 1/3 cup . 	 *  *  * Tip -- for every 4 servings  ( 1 lb boneless ,  2 lb bone in )  meat ,  poultry or fish ,  mix 2 tbsp Mediterranean Spice Mix ,  1 tbsp ,  vegetable oil ,  and 1 clove of minced garlic . 	Rub over food and let sit for 10 minutes  ( if you make ahead the wet rub ;  cover &  refrigerate for up to 24 hrs )  .
For the cookies :  Preheat oven to 350 F . 	In a mixing bowl ,  cream the browned butter  ( see note )  ,  brown sugar ,  and cookie butter until smooth ,  about 2 minutes . 	Add the vanilla_extract and pumpkin puree and mix until smooth . 	In a separate bowl ,  combine the flour ,  salt ,  baking_soda ,  baking_powder ,  cinnamon ,  and pumpkin_pie_spice . 	Add this into the wet ingredients and mix until just combined and a smooth ball forms . 	Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for 1 hour . 	Combine the coating ingredients in a shallow bowl or saucer . 	Roll the dough into 1 balls . 	Coat balls with cinnamon-sugar mixture and place them two inches apart on a lightly greased baking sheet . 	Slightly press the balls down with your hand . 	Bake for 8 minutes until cookies are just set . 	They may look a little underdone but will continue to set as they cool . 	Remove from oven . 	Let the cookies rest on the baking sheet for 5 minutes once removed from the oven . 	Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely . 	Cookies will stay fresh in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 7 days . 	Note :  For the browned butter ,  melt it in a saucepan over medium heat ,  stirring continuously ,  just until it starts to turn a bit golden and smell nutty . 	Then immediately remove it from the heat .
Place the plank on the grill and preheat the grill to medium heat . 	Rub the oil evenly over the salmon_fillets . 	Season them evenly with salt_and_pepper . 	Carefully open the grill . 	If the plank is ready ,  it should smoke ,  and it may crackle ;  if it begins to warp ,  flip it over and let it settle . 	Set the salmon_fillets side by side on the plank ,  not touching . 	Grill for about 6 minutes . 	Using a spatula ,  gently loosen the fillets  ( they may stick slightly )  and flip them . 	Grill them 4 to 6 minutes more ,  or until the salmon is cooked to your liking . 	Serve immediately . 	Each  ( 1 fillet )  serving has : 	Calories :  172	Protein :  23g	Carbohydrates :  0g	Fat :  8g	Saturated Fat :  1g	Cholesterol :  62mg	Fiber :  0g	Sodium :  50mg
Butter a shallow 1 1/2 quart baking dish . 	In a frying pan ,  melt 1 T butter over med-high heat . 	Add the bread crumbs and fry until golden ,  about 4 minutes ;  transfer to a plate . 	In the frying pan ,  fry the bacon over medium heat until cooked but not crisp ,  3-5 minutes . 	Drain on paper towels . 	In a saucepan ,  melt the remaining 3 T butter over med-high heat . 	Add the flour ,  1/2 t salt ,  1/4 t black pepper ,  and the cayenne ;  whisk until a smooth paste forms ,  . 	Slowly whisk in the hot milk ,  decrease heat to medium ,  and cook ,  whisking constantly ,  until the sauce thickens ,  about 15 minutes . 	Add two-thirds of the cheese and stir until melted ,  about 2 minutes ;  remove from the heat . 	Preheat the oven to 375 degrees . 	Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil . 	Add the macaroni ,  stir well ,  and cook until al dente ,  according to package directions . 	Drain ,  add to the prepared dish ,  and toss with the bacon . 	Pour in the cheese sauce and stir to mix well . 	Top with the remaining cheese and then the bread crumbs . 	Bake until the sauce is bubbling and the top is golden ,  about 30 minutes . 	Let stand for a few minutes before serving .
Melt butter over medium to medium high heat on the stove . 	Add corn ,  seasoning with salt and pepper ,  and saute for about 8-11 minutes . 	Add cream_cheese and chipotle peppers/adobo sauce and stir until cream_cheese is melted and everything is stirred together .
Heat oven to 350 degrees F . 	Add milk to butter in 1-1/2-qt . 	casserole ;  stir until butter is melted . 	Stir in remaining ingredients . 	Bake 45 min . 	or until knife inserted in center comes out clean .
Fill a washtub or ice chest with water and 2 cups of the salt ,  stir ,  and place the crawfish in the mix . 	As they swim around ,  the salt will cause them to purge themselves of impurities and cleanse their outer shells . 	 ( Let them purge for 30 to 40 minutes ;  they need to stay alive until you're ready to cook them .  ) 	While that's happening ,  pour the 12 gallons of water into a 20-gallon pot . 	Add the remaining salt ,  the seasoning ,  cayenne_pepper ,  black peppercorns ,  bay_leaves ,  and lemons . 	Boil for 15 minutes . 	In a basket insert ,  place half the garlic ,  half the onions ,  and half the potatoes . 	Place the basket in the water and cook for 4 to 5 minutes . 	Add half the corn and return the water to a boil . 	Drain the crawfish from their purging water ,  add half of them to the basket ,  and bring to a rolling boil . 	Turn off the heat and let soak for 10 minutes . 	Pull out the basket ,  drain ,  and dump the basket's contents onto a newspaper-lined table . 	Repeat with the remaining ingredients . 	Serve crawfish ,  corn ,  onions ,  and garlic to each person . 	Note :  You certainly can boil a small amount of crawfish in a smaller vessel ,  do it indoors ,  and serve it to a smaller gathering ,  but in New Orleans ,  this is for an outdoor bash . 	Thoroughly combine all ingredients in a blender ,  food processor ,  or mixing bowl ,  and pour the mixture into a large glass or plastic jar . 	Seal it so that it's airtight . 	It will keep indefinitely . 	Yield :  about 2 cups
In a metal pie plate or heatproof flat dish set on a round metal rack in a wok or in a steamer steam the sausage ,  covered ,  over boiling water for 20 minutes ,  transfer it with tongs to a cutting board ,  and cut it diagonally into 1/8-inch-thick slices . 	Mound the sausage in a large shallow serving dish and keep it warm ,  covered ,  in a preheated 250 degree oven . 	In a heated wok heat the oil with the ginger and salt over high heat until the oil just begins to smoke ,  add the broccoli ,  and stir-fry the mixture for 2 minutes . 	Drizzle the wine around the edge of the wok ,  stir-fry the mixture for 1 minute ,  or until the broccoli is bright green and crisp-tender ,  and transfer it to the dish ,  arranging it around the sausage .
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat ;  cook and stir onion until tender and translucent ,  about 5 minutes . 	Mix in cream of chicken soup ,  sour_cream ,  and cumin . 	Grease a 9x12-inch microwave-safe baking dish and place 4 tortillas in a layer into the bottom of the dish . 	Top with 1 can green_chilies ,  half the chicken ,  half the soup mix ,  half the Cheddar cheese ,  and half the Monterey Jack cheese . 	Repeat layers ,  ending with Monterey Jack cheese . 	Cook in microwave oven on high until the casserole is bubbling and the cheese topping is melted ,  about 10 minutes .
Layer the eggplant slices in a colander ,  sprinkling each layer with the salt . 	Set aside to drain for at least 1 hour . 	Pat the eggplant dry with paper towels . 	Preheat the oven to 375F  ( 190C )  . 	Using 1/4 cup of the olive_oil ,  brush both sides of each eggplant slice . 	Arrange the slices in a single layer on 2 large baking sheets . 	Bake for 15 to 20 minutes ,  turning once ,  until the eggplant is tender when pierced with a fork but still holds its shape . 	Remove from the oven ;  season with eggplant with the pepper . 	Cover half the eggplant with mozzarella . 	Finely chop the anchovies and basil together ;  sprinkle over the cheese . 	Cover with the remaining eggplant slices to form sandwiches . 	In a medium bowl ,  beat the eggs with 2 teaspoons of water and 2 tea- spoons of the olive_oil . 	Coat the eggplant sandwiches with the flour ,  dusting off any excess . 	Dip into the beaten egg ,  then coat the sand- wiches thoroughly with the bread crumbs ,  pressing gently to adhere . 	In a large heavy skillet ,  heat the remaining oil over moderately high heat to 375F  ( 190C )  F or until a small bread cube browns in about 1 minute . 	Fry the eggplant sandwiches in small batches until golden ,  1 to 2 minutes per side . 	Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels . 	Arrange the sandwiches on a platter or plates and serve on their own or with Marinara Sauce ,  garnished with sprigs of fresh basil .
Heat sauce and add mushrooms ,  beans . Saute onions then add ground_beef and brown . 	When done add to sauce and add seasoning . You add more or less seasoning to adjust to your own taste .
Melt butter in large skillet on low heat . 	Beat eggs ,  milk ,  cream cheese and seasonings with wire whisk until well blended . 	Add to skillet . 	Cook until egg mixture begins to set ,  stirring occasionally . 	Add chicken ,  Singles and garlic . 	Continue cooking until egg mixture is completely set ,  stirring occasionally . 	Spoon 1/2 cup of the egg mixture onto each tortilla . 	Roll up ,  burrito style .
Wash and sort beans . 	Cover with water and bring to a boil . 	Boil 2 min and remove from heat . 	Let soak 2 hrs . 	Bring to a boil again and then simmer about an hour ,  or possibly till cooked but not soft or possibly mushy . 	Drain beans . 	Put in the crockpot . 	Mix the rest of the ingredients together and stir into the beans . 	Turn crockpot on low and cook 10 - 12 hrs . 	Or possibly Add in 1/2 c .  tomato_juice . 	Cover tightly and cook in 200 degree oven overnight .
In a small food processor ,  combine walnuts ,  spinach ,  mint ,  lemon ,  honey and olive_oil . 	Mix until a smooth puree is formed . 	Add strawberries and feta_cheese into a bowl ,  then add pesto and toss to coat . 	Cover and refrigerate for one hour prior to serving . 	Nutrition information per 3/4 cup :  137 calories ,  7 g fat ,  4 g protein ,  13 g carbohydrates ,  4 g fiber
A dd onion and oil to stockpot on medium . 	Cook ,  stirring occasionally 10-12 min until onion begins to brown . 	Add cauliflower and stock to pot ,  cover . 	Increase heat to medium-high . 	Bring to a boil . 	Reduce heat to simmer . 	Cook 20-25 min until veggies are soft . 	Add curry_powder ,  salt ,  and beans . 	Remove pot from heat . 	Puree soup carefully with hand blender until smooth . 	Heat on low 4-5 minute Portion into bowls and top with fried onion pieces .
Combine the chestnuts and hot water in a bowl and let sit overnight . 	Peel the outer shell  ( press a knife into the chestnut slit and peel from there )  . 	Combine the chestnuts and 1/2 tablespoon of baking_soda in a pot and add enough water to cover . 	Bring to a boil ,  turn the heat to low ,  and simmer for 10 minutes  ( removing the scum )  . 	Put the chestnuts and water into a bowl and use your fingers to clean them . 	Repeat Steps 3 and 4 twice  ( simmer in baking_soda ,  wash ,  repeat )  . 	Thoroughly clean the pot . 	Combine the chestnuts ,  200 g of sugar ,  and enough water to cover . 	Simmer for 20 minutes . 	Turn off the heat . 	Add a pinch of salt ,  cinnamon and cloves to taste ,  and let cool . 	Let sit as-is overnight . 	Store in a jar or similar in the syrup . 	It's done .
In medium frying pan ,  heat oil . 	Put garlic and onions in pan ,  add a pinch or two of salt and cook on medium-low for approx 3 minutes  ( they should sweat ,  not saute )  ,  add peppers ,  mushrooms and spices and cook until liquid is largely gone and everything smells a little like bacon . 	Mix spaghetti_sauce in to veggie mixture and sprinkle with parmesean cheese  ( just enough to make it a little stiff ,  skip this if you're using a thick sauce -- I don't ,  I used this one :  http : //www . recipezaar . com/rz . 146171 )  . 	Spray a 13x9 baking dish with cooking spray and spread about 4 tblsp of the veggie/sauce mixture in the bottom . 	Cover veggie/sauce mixture with a sprinkling of parmesean cheese and a handful of green_onions . 	Mix remaining sauce mixture with noodles in a seperate bowl for good coverage . 	Dump in to pan and spread out to an even depth . 	Cover with another sprinkling of parmesan_cheese and green_onions . 	Mix swiss ,  colby and cojack together off-site and cover top of spaghetti with said mixture . 	Sprinkle with remaining green_onions . 	Slip in to a preheated 350 degree oven for 35 minutes . 	Cool 10 minutes and cut .
Whisk the eggs in a mixing bowl until light and fluffy ,  about 1 to 2 minutes . 	Combine the evaporated_milk ,  heavy_cream ,  condensed milk and sugar in a saucepan and cook for 15 minutes or until thickened ,  stirring constantly . 	Gradually stir about 1 cup of hot mixture into the beaten eggs . 	Add egg mixture to the remaining hot mixture ,  stirring constantly . 	Cook 1 minute and remove from heat . 	Let cool . 	Add vanilla_extract and vanilla pudding to mixture and blend until smooth . 	Pour into freezer canister and add enough milk to bring the mixture to the fill line  ( per manufacturer's Ice Cream Maker Directions )  and freeze as directed . 	During last 5 minutes of freezing open canister lid and pour in chocolate candies .
Preheat the oven to 375 F .  Cover a rimmed baking sheet with olive_oil and place salmon on there ,  skin side down . 	Spray or drizzle olive_oil onto the fish and squeeze some lemon juice to taste  ( I use half of the lemon now and half at serving time )  . 	Sprinkle your fish with salt ,  pepper ,  garlic_powder and dill to taste  ( I tend to be very liberal with the dill ,  because I love it )  . 	If youre topping with lemon rounds ,  now would be the time to do that as well . 	Bake for 15-20 minutes or until the internal temperature is 145 F  ( or more if you prefer your fish well done )  . 	Serve immediately with lemons on the side .
Bring apple_cider_vinegar to boil and pour over prepared shallot . 	Cool to room temperature then add in olive_oil . 	Set aside . 	Reserve about 1/4 cup of the pomegranate seeds and crush the rest to extract the juice . 	Pour off the juice into a wide ,  shallow bowl and place in the microwave . 	Microwave on high for three minutes ,  then stir slightly . 	Juice will be reducing and thickening . 	Microwave ,  30 seconds at a time ,  checking consistency between each minute until juice is the consistency of maple syrup . 	Cool . 	In a bowl ,  toss together the apple ,  reserved pomegranate seeds ,  celery ,  and shallots and the apple cider marinade . 	Add pecans ,  toss and mound onto a plate . 	Drizzle with pomegranate reduction and serve .
1 . 	Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Beat room temperature butter and 3/4 cup sugar until creamy . 	2 . 	Add eggs ,  vanilla and almond_extract . 	Mix well . 	3 . 	Add baking_powder and flour 1/2 a cup at a time until mixed . 	4 . 	Fold in nuts if desired . 	5 . 	Prepare a sheet pan with parchment paper and grease . 	Pour the dough lengthwise across the pan . 	Shape into a log by picking up each long end of the parchment paper and rolling the dough into shape . 	6 . 	Dust with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar . 	7 . 	Bake for 20 to 25 minutes until bread is starting to brown . 	8 . 	Remove bread from the oven . 	Decrease oven temperature to 275 degrees . 	Slice bread into 1/2 to 3/4-inch slices and lay slices down on the parchment paper . 	Bake for another 15 to 20 minutes until brown on both sides ,  flipping the bread halfway .
1 . 	Simmer the sugar ,  water and mint over medium-low heat until the sugar melts . 	Let cool . 	2 . 	Blend sugar mixture with the peaches ,  lime juice and rum in a blender . 	The top of the mixture will become foamy . 	Thats okay . 	3 . 	Strain into an 8 or 9-inch wide glass baking dish and freeze for at least 4 hours ,  until solid . 	4 . 	Scrape the whole mixture with a fork to obtain crystals . 	Serve immediately .
Preheat oven to 350 . 	Heat jam in the microwave or a small kettle on stove until slightly melted and  " drizzling "  consistency . 	Set aside and keep warm . 	Lightly coat a 12 "  pizza pan with non-stick cooking spray . 	Press cookie dough evenly into bottom of pan and bake for 15-20 minutes  ( Until very lightly browned )  ,  cool completely . 	Pour orange_juice into a small bowl and slice banana into orange_juice to keep from browning . 	Set aside . 	In a medium sized bowl ,  mix together cream_cheese and marshmallow cream . 	Spread cream_cheese mixture over cooled crust to within 1/2 of edge . 	Drain Banana slices well ,  and arrange all fruits as desired on top of pizza . 	Drizzle warm jam over fruit to glaze pizza . 	Sprinkle with toasted pecans . 	Sprinkle with toasted coconut if desired . 	While delectably delicious as written ,  if you find a fruit listed is unavailable ,  feel free to substitute an equal amount of one of your favorites . 	Meet the  " Cavorting Chefs "  ,  Saturn- Our Team Captain ,  Brenda ,  Dreamgoddess ,  Galley Wench ,  katie in the UP ,  mama's kitchen ,  PanNan ,  Sugared Almond ,   &  Susie Qusie .
Load ingredients into machine in order given . 	Bake with the regular or rapid bake cycles .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F . 	Combine rhubarb ,  blueberries and lemon_juice in a large saucepan and cook over medium heat until rhubarb is softened . 	No added liquid is needed as the water from the rhubarb and blueberries will come out naturally . 	In a small bowl ,  combine sugar and cornstarch . 	Mix well to break up the lumps of cornstarch . 	Set aside . 	While rhubarb and blueberries are cooking ,  begin making the crust . 	Combine flour ,  oats ,  brown_sugar ,  butter ,  baking_soda and salt together in a bowl until well mixed and crumbly . 	Reserve 1 1/2 cups of crust to be used as a topping . 	Grease a 13x9 pan with cooking spray . 	Press remaining crust mixture into the pan in an even layer . 	Set aside . 	When rhubarb and blueberries are softened ,  use a potato masher to mash and smooth out the larger chunks . 	Once bigger pieces are broken up ,  mix in the sugar/cornstarch mixture . 	Continue to stir until thickened . 	Once mixture is thickened ,  pour over crust . 	Top with reserved crust mixture . 	Bake at 350 degrees F for 30 minutes . 	Tips :  1 . 	Mixing the sugar and cornstarch together will prevent lumps of cornstarch in your mixture . 	2 . 	The bars will puff up considerably ,  so dont be alarmed when you open the oven to take out the bars . 	They will be a bit jiggly . 	Thats OK ! 	They are done ! 	3 . 	When they cool ,  theyll deflate a bit and set up nicely .
Heat grill or grill pan to high . 	Place pineapple and mango on grill for 30 seconds to 1 minute or until desired grill marks are achieved . 	Let cool and dice . 	In a medium mixing bowl combine honey ,  lime_juice ,  cilantro and season ,  to taste ,  with salt . 	Add remaining ingredients and toss . 	Let sit for 1 hour before serving .
Heat the oil in a skillet over low heat . 	Add the onion ,  celery ,  carrot and garlic ;  cook and stir for about 5 minutes until onions are soft . 	Pat the chicken and lamb liver dry ,  and add to the skillet . 	Fry over low heat until all sides are browned . 	Pour the red_wine over the liver ,  and let it vaporize for a minute . 	Stir in the tomato_puree ,  half of the parsley ,  anchovies ,  chicken_stock ,  salt_and_pepper . 	Cover ,  and simmer for about 20 minutes . 	Use a hand-held blender to puree the liver mixture . 	If you don't have one ,  transfer to a food processor ,  and process until smooth . 	Return to the skillet ,  and stir in the butter ,  capers and remaining parsley .
Place frozen thighs in the crock pot . 	Whisk remaining ingredients except broccoli ,  cornstarch ,  water and rice together and pour over chicken . 	Cook on low 4 to 5 hours . 	If using broccoli ,  add to crock pot 1 hour before chicken is done . 	Before serving ,  remove chicken and broccoli to serving dish and keep warm . 	Turn crock pot on high . 	Stir cornstarch into water and add to crock pot . 	Stir occasionally until it thickens and bubbles . 	Serve over the cooked_rice .
Prepare fennel - using only the white bulb ,  shave thin slices on a mandolin or with a very sharp knife . 	Set aside . 	Prepare pecorino-romano cheese - finely grated cheese does NOT have enough flavor  " punch "  ,  so buy your cheese in bulk and create larger pieces ,  such as match-stick size or larger shavings . 	On 4 cold plates ,  arrange arugula . 	Top with orange sections ,  shaved fennel and pieces of pecorino-romano cheese . 	Drizzle with olive_oil and balsamic_vinegar or balsamic  " glaze "   ( see note below )  . 	Finish with a grinding of fresh black pepper and serve . 	NOTE :  You can find balsamic  " glaze "  in gourmet or Italian stores . 	It is a thicker ,  more concentrated balsamic_vinegar .
Boil noodles . 	Drain and return to pan . 	Add cheese powder ,  butter ,  milk ,  and soup . 	Mix well and bring to a low boil . 	Drain tuna and corn . 	Add tuna and corn . 	Season to your tastes .
Beat first 5 ingredients with mixer until blended . 	Stir in onions . 	Refrigerate several hours . 	Form into football shape ;  coat with nuts . 	Add pimentos for the lacing . 	Serve with crackers .
Put all of step one ingredients in a saucepan . 	Bring to boil	Take of heat and add step two ingredients . 	Cool . 	Then add step three ingredients . 	Bake in lined tin at 300F for 1 1/2 - 2 hours .
You can use your favorite type of pasta  ( ziti ,  penne ,  rigatoni ,  farfalle all work perfectly fine )  for this . 	Use lots and lots of cheese . 	Feel free to work with parmesan ,  mozzarella ,  or you can use a blend of 6 Italian cheeses . 	First ,  you have to peel the sausage right out of their casings . 	Tear the meat up into large chunks . 	Next ,  brown it up . 	After youve started to brown the sausage ,  start boiling the pasta . 	Then add a can of diced tomatoes to the sausage  ( or if you would prefer ,  dice up a REAL tomato )  . 	Bring the sausage and tomato mix to a boil . 	I want to see some steam . 	Let the sauce simmer for a while . 	You want to make sure it thickens up and isnt too soupy . 	Next ,  throw in the spinach lots and lots of baby spinach . 	Just keep in mind that the spinach will wilt down to nothing ,  so once you feel like youve added too much ,  throw in another handful . 	Once the sauce has thickened and the spinach has wilted ,  take a big handful of cheese and throw it in . 	Add the sausage-tomato mix to a nice heaping bowl of the pasta and youre done .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Butter an 8x8 inch glass baking dish . 	Whisk flour ,  ginger ,  baking_soda ,  cinnamon ,  nutmeg ,  allspice ,  cloves and salt in medium bowl . 	Using an electric mixer ,  beat 1/4 cup butter and 1/4 cup sugar in large bowl until blended . 	Beat in egg . 	Stir molasses and 1/2 cup water in a 1 cup glass measuring cup . 	Add 1/3 of the flour mixture ,  butter mixture and molasses mixture together beating to blend . 	Repeat until all seperate mixtures are now one and transfer to prepared dish . 	Sprinkle brown sugar over the top . 	Stir 1 1/2 cups hot_water and melted butter in 2 cup glass measuring cup . 	Carefully pour over top of batter  ( don't worry ,  there will be lots of liquid on the top )  . 	Bake until gingerbread is cracked on top ,  about 45 minutes . 	Serve warm with whipped cream .
Trim the ends off the green_beans and cut them in two ,  if large . 	Mix the ground_lamb with the cornstarch ,  soy_sauce ,  sake ,  sugar ,  pepper and 1/2 teaspoon peanut_oil . 	Heat a wok or large skillet very hot ,  add 2 tablespoons peanut_oil and stir-fry the beans for 3 or 4 minutes ,  or until they are dotted with browned spots . 	Add the bean sauce and stock ,  stir-fry for 1 minute ,  remove the mixture from the wok and reserve . 	Heat the wok very hot again ,  add the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil and the lamb and stir-fry until it begins to brown lightly  ( 1 to 2 minutes )  . 	Add the chili paste and stir-fry 30 seconds . 	Return the bean mixture to the wok and stir-fry 1 minute ,  or until the free juices have evaporated . 	Sprinkle lightly with sesame_oil ,  mix well and serve over rice .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . 	Mix the dry ingredients for the rub . 	You'll have extra for next time . 	Rinse  &  pat dry the chicken setting aside giblets ,  etc . 	for another use . 	Liberally season the chicken with the rub inside  &  out as well as gently pulling open a pocket in at the base of the neck over each breast  &  adding rub . 	Pop the tab of a regular size can of beer ,  I use Bud . 	Pour half the beer into the broiler pan with the chips and stuff 3 cloves garlic  &  2 sprigs fresh_rosemary into the can ,  spoon about a teaspoon of the rub into the can as well  &  then push the bird down onto it so that it sits snugly . 	You'll want the chicken to sit upright over the upright can  ( I only add this because a certain friend of mine asked how I kept the beer from spilling out when I laid the chicken down ,  it's okay ,  she's blonde )  . 	After 30 minutes turn oven up to 400 degrees so chips smoke . 	About 15 minutes before the chicken is done combine the sauce ingredients  &  bring to a boil until it reduces to about 1/4 . 	Serve with chicken . 	I have a rack that I can insert the can into that holds the bird up but you can place a pie dish over the chips  &  balance the chicken  &  can to make it more stable if you don't have a rack  ( sold through Cabella's )  . 	Roast in oven for about an hour . 	I've tried lower temperatures but 400 makes the chips smoke  &  that's what you want . 	To remove chicken I slice up the belly so it comes more easily off the can ~ can will be extremely hot so be careful ! 	Enjoy .
Cook chicken in large skillet sprayed with cooking spray on medium heat 4 min . 	on each side or until browned on both sides . 	Add tomatoes and cheese sauce to skillet ;  stir . 	Cover . 	Simmer on medium-low heat 10 min . 	or until chicken is done  ( 165 degrees F )  .
In 12-inch skillet over medium heat ,  in 2 tablespoons hot oil ,  cook shrimp stirring frequently ,  until shrimp turn pink ,  about 3 minutes . 	Remove from pan and set aside . 	In same skillet ,  in remaining tablespoon of hot oil ,  add mushrooms and garlic and cook until mushrooms are tender ,  about 5 minutes ,  stirring occasionally . 	Add tomatoes ,  lemon_juice ,  salt ,  and pepper and cook 3 minutes more . 	Return shrimp to skillet and heat through . 	Sprinkle with parsley and serve over rice .
Cook rice ,  adding frozen vegetables when it's nearly cooked	While rice is cooking ,  add onions and raw capsicum to a lightly oiled frying pan	Once the onion has browned add the kransky and cook for a further 5-10 ,  until kransky is cooked through . 	Add half of the cooked rice and vegetables to the pan ,  sprinkle liberally with vegeta and add half the jar of marinated capsicum ,  including oil and stir well	Repeat step 4 and sprinkle with chilli flakes before serving
Combine sugar and egg and blend well . 	Add the mashed bananas ,  applesauce ,  and yogurt and stir to combine . 	Stir in chocolate chips and set aside . 	In another bowl ,  combine the flour ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda ,  and salt . 	Add to the wet mixture and stir until just blended- the batter will be lumpy . 	Pour the batter into muffins tins . 	Bake at 375 for 10-15 minutes- be careful not to let them get too brown .
Cut carrot ,  celery stalk ,  and onion into chunks . 	Combine in a 3 or 4 quart pan with the beans ,  bay_leaf ,  water ,  pork ,  and thyme . 	Bring to boiling ,  then reduce heat ;  cover and simmer until beans are tender and mash easily ,  about 2 hours . 	Lift out pork and set aside . 	Add wine to beans and boil ;  uncovered until liquid evaporates ,  stir often . 	Remove meat from bone . 	Coarsely chop meat . 	Whirl beans and vegetables in a food processor or blender until very smooth . 	Combine beans and pork ;  season with salt_and_pepper . 	Serve or cover and chill up to 4 days . 	Present in a crock or as 1/2 cup portions in lettuce leaves on individual plates . 	Serve with pickles and bread .
In a shallow bowl ,  combine the cornflakes ,  parmesan_cheese and salad dressing mix . 	Dip chicken in butter ,  then roll in cornflake mixture to coat . 	Place in a greased 9x13 pan . 	Bake uncovered at 350 degrees for 45 min or until juices run clear .
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice . 	Add all of the remaining ingredients and shake well . 	Strain into a chilled coupe .
Place pine_nuts in a small skillet and toast over medium heat . 	Cool nuts and add to food processor . 	Add olives ,  garlic ,  parsley ,  lemon zest and juice ,  and cheese and process until finely chopped . 	Turn processor on and stream in extra-virgin olive_oil . 	Season the sauce with salt_and_pepper and place in a small dish . 	Surround with shrimp and celery sticks and serve .
Cook noodles according to package instructions . 	Roasted Veggies :  . 	Preheat oven to 400F . 	Toss zucchini ,  bell pepper and mushrooms with olive_oil . 	Spread evenly onto a large baking sheet with 1/2 "  sides . 	Bake for 30 minutes . 	Drain liquid . 	Sauce :  . 	While the veggies are roasting ,  heat olive_oil over medium heat . 	Add shallots and saute for about 3 minutes until lightly browned . 	Add garlic and italian_seasoning and saute for 2 more minutes . 	Stir in flour . 	Stir in the remaining sauce ingredients and simmer ,  stirring often ,  over low heat for about 20 minutes or until cheese is melted . 	You can keep it simmering over very low heat while you finish other prep work . 	Filling :  . 	Stir together all filling ingredients except the mozzarella . 	Assembly :  . 	Spread about 1/2 cup of the sauce across the bottom of a 13x9 baking dish . 	Layer one third of the noodles ,  half of the vegetables ,  1 cup of mozzarella ,  and half of the filling . 	Repeat one third of noodles ,  half of veggies ,  1 cup mozzarella and remaining filling . 	Top with last third of noodles ,  remaining sauce and last cup of mozzarella cheese . 	Cover loosely with foil and bake for 30 minutes at 400F . 	Remove foil and bake another 15 minutes .
Combine flour ,  baking pwdr and salt in bowl . 	Work in butter or possibly shortening with fingers . 	Combine baking_soda and buttermilk . 	Stir into flour mix with fork thoroughly . 	Place dough on floured surface and sprinkle with more flour . 	It's important not to overwork . 	Roll or possibly pat out dough to 1 inch thickness . 	Cut with 2 inch diameter . 	Dip biscuits in oil covering them with oil and immediately place on greased baking sheet with all biscuits touching . 	Bake in preheated 500 degree oven 8 to 10 min till lightly browned .
Beat the eggs then add treacle . 	Stir in the cream . 	Place in freezing tray of refrigerator with control set at coldest temperature . 	When almost frozen ,  transfer to bowl and beat again until mixture is smooth and creamy . 	Add nuts . 	Then replace in freezing tray and freeze until firm . 	Serve when firm .
Preheat the oven to 200 degrees Celsius  ( 400 degrees Fahrenheit )  . 	Melt the butter with a splash of oil in a saucepan over medium heat . 	Add leeks and garlic and sweat gently for about 10 to 15 minutes until tender . 	Meanwhile heat a wide frypan or saute pan over medium heat and add a splash of oil . 	Fry the chicken seasoned with salt ,  pepper and herbs until the chicken is browned . 	Add the leeks ,  then stir in corn flour . 	Pour in the stock and add the apple_cider_vinegar . 	Adjust the amount of stock depending on how much sauce you like . 	You can also add a bit more cornflour if the sauce looks a bit too thin . 	Simmer gently for around 15 minutes . 	Spoon the chicken mixture into a 1 . 2L - 1 . 9L  ( 1 . 5-2 Quart )  pie dish . 	Cut a piece of defrosted puff pastry big enough to make a lid over pie dish plus a 2cm border to place around the rim . 	Line the rim of the pie dish with a 2cm border of pastry ,  brush with a little water and then top with the pastry lid . 	Crimp the edges together with a fork . 	If you can't be bothered with the extra border just fit the pastry lid . 	Make a little slit in the middle of the pastry to let the steam escape . 	Beat the egg with a splash of milk . 	Use a pastry brush to brush the top of the pastry with the egg mixture . 	This will help the pastry brown and crisp nicely . 	Bake the pie for around 20 minutes until the pastry is crisp and golden .
Put chicken in crockpot ,  cover with soup	Turn crockpot on high and cook it all day	Take chicken out of crockpot and let it cool .  .  . I used flour to thicken up remaining sauce	Pick meat from chicken and give the bones ,  fat and skin to your animals or compost	Add chicken back to sauce ,  serve over prepared pasta
Make the Bolognese . 	Put onion ,  carrot ,  celery ,  garlic ,  and sage in a food processor and process until you have a smooth vegetable pulp . 	Coat a large ,  heavy pot with oil and set over medium heat . 	Add vegetable pulp and saute until fragrant and some of the moisture has evaporated ,  about 5 minutes . 	Push the vegetable mixture to one side of the pan . 	Season ground_beef and pork with salt_and_pepper and add to pan . 	Stir and break up meat until it is brown ,  then dust with the flour before adding wine ,  tomatoes ,  milk ,  and cinnamon . 	Bring to a boil ,  then reduce heat and simmer about 1 1/2 hours ,  uincovered ,  until sauce is thick . 	Add parmesan and parsley and season with salt_and_pepper if needed . 	Set aside while you make the bechamel . 	To make the bechamel ,  set a large saucepan over medium heat . 	Add milk ,  garlic ,  and bay_leaf and bring to a simmer to infuse milk with herbs . 	set a large saucepan over medium low heat . 	Add butter and melt ,  then sprinkle with flourwhile stirring with a wooden spoon . 	Once flourhas been combined with butter ,  grab a whisk and gradually pour in the herb infused milk ,  passing it through a sieve to strain out the aromatics . 	As the sauce thickens ,  continue to whisk over low heat ,  then add nutmeg . 	Season with salt_and_pepper and set aside to cool slightly . 	Preheat oven to 350F To assemble the lasagna ,  cut fresh pasta to fit pan if needed . 	Coat the bottom of a 13x9 pan with a thin layer of bechamel . 	Top with a layer of lasagna noodles . 	Top noodles with a layer each of bechamel ,  bolognese ,  and mozzarella pieces . 	Continue with layers until you have three complete layers ,  finishing with mozzarella . Sshower the top of the lasagna with parmesan and parsley . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  on a tray  (  to catch drippings )  in the center of the over for 1 hour . 	If the top starts to brown tent with foil . 	Let the lasagna stand for 30 minutes before cutting .
In a saucepan ,  combine the sugar ,  flour and salt . 	Add milk in gradually while stirring . 	Cook over medium heat ,  stirring constantly ,  until the mixture is bubbly . 	Keep stirring and cooking for 2 more minutes and then remove from heat . 	Stir a small amount of the hot mixture into the beaten egg_yolks . 	Add the egg yolk mixture gradually to the rest of the hot mixture . 	Cook for 2 more minutes ,  stirring constantly . 	Remove from heat and add the butter and vanilla . 	Stir until it has a smooth consistency . 	Slice bananas into the pie_shell . 	Top with pudding mixture . 	Bake at 350 degrees  ( 175 C .  )  F .  for 12 to 15 minutes . 	Chill for an hour .
Preheat oven to 325  . 	Arrange bread in 15-1/2x10-1/2 "  jely-rolly pan . 	Bake 20 min or possibly till crisp . 	Cold . 	Meanwhile ,  brown sausage in large skillet over medium-high heat ;  drain on paper towels . 	Add in onions and thyme to skillet ;  cook till onion is translucent/soft ,  about 2 min . 	Remove from heat . 	Stir in sausage and spinach to combine ;  cold completely . 	Arrange bread in shallow 3-qt baking dish . 	Sprinkle 1 c .  cheese over top ,  then layer with sausage mix and remaining cheese . 	Beat Large eggs ,  lowfat milk ,  mustard ,  in bowl till well blended . 	Carefully pour into prepared dish ;  sprinkle top with tomato . 	 ( Can be made ahead . 	Cover and chill up to 24 hrs .  ) 	Bake 1 hour or possibly till center is just set . 	Let stand 10 min before serving . 	 ( wrv )  till center is just set .
Mix all ingredients together except soda . 	Add soda when griddle is hot and ready to use . 	Cook .
Blend almond_milk and eggs . 	Add spices ,  stir until blended . 	Add stevia and sweetener ,  stir until blended . 	Add pumpkin ,  a few spoonfuls at a time ;  blend . 	Pour into an ungreased 8 inch square baking pan . 	Bake at 375 degrees F .  about 30 min .  ,  or til small knife inserted in center comes out clean . 	Cool in pan ,  then refrigerate . 	If you want to make this richer ,  serve with cream or replace some of the almond_milk with cream .
Heat oil in wok or large skillet over high heat . 	Add eggplant and onion ;  stir-fry 10 minutes . 	Stir in tomatoes ,  brown sugar ,  soy sauce ,  lime_juice ,  and chile-garlic sauce . 	Cook 3 minutes more . 	Add bean_sprouts and bamboo_shoots ;  stir-fry 2 minutes . 	Garnish with mint .
Combine the coffee grounds ,  cinnamon ,  and nutmeg in the coffee filter of an automatic coffee pot . 	Make sure they are well mixed . 	Brew coffee . 	While coffee brews ,  warm milk in a small saucepan . 	When milk is warm ,  add the brown_sugar and chocolate_syrup . 	Stir until everything is mixed together and the sugar is completely dissolved . 	Add the vanilla_extract to the milk mixture and stir to combine . 	Pour the milk mixture into a separate container large enough to hold it and the coffee . 	Pour in the brewed coffee and shake to mix it up . 	Place the mixture into the refrigerator or freezer to cool . 	Alternatively ,  just drink it warm . 	NOTE :  Make sure that you mix the coffee grounds ,  cinnamon ,  and nutmeg together before you brew the coffee . 	NOTE :  You don't necessarily need to pour the coffee and milk mixture into a separate container ,  that's just my preference . 	If you have a large enough pot ,  you can just pour the coffee into there but make sure its mixed well .
Rinse Lentils under cool water removing any sand or rocks that may be found . 	Place Lentils in a large Saucepan and cover with two inches of water . 	Bring to a boil . 	Turn off heat ,  cover ,  and let stand while preparing and cooking other ingredients . 	Chop or slice Onion ,  Celery ,  Carrot and Green Pepper and place these in a large ,  5-qt . 	Crock Pot . 	 ( Helpful Hint :  Line Crock Pot with new Reynolds Crock Pot Liners for easy clean up )  Add minced Garlic . 	Pour Broth over all and cook on High Heat until vegetables are about tender  ( about two hours )  . 	Add Tomatoes ,  Parsley and Sea Salt to Crock Pot . 	Gently stir in Lentils . 	Reduce Crock Pot heat to Low and cook about two hours or until vegetables are as tender as you desire . 	If soup is preferred to stew ,  add another can of broth . 	Serve as is or over cooked rice .
In a small mixing bowl ,  whisk the oil ,  vinegar ,  garlic ,  rosemary ,  salt and pepper together . 	Place the flank steak in a resealable bag ,  pour the marinade in to the bag and seal it . 	Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or overnight . 	Preheat the grill . 	Grill the flank steak for 4 to 8 minutes on each side ,  depending on the desired doneness . 	Let the steak rest on a carving plate for 1 or 2 minutes . 	Slice the steak on the bias .
Combine the sugar and rhubarb in a large pot . 	Then cut a vanilla_bean in half and scrape out the seeds with the flat side of the knife ,  put the seeds and the pod in with the rhubarb and turn the heat on medium low . 	Cook and stir occasionally until the rhubarb starts to give off its juices . 	At that point stir constantly until the rhubarb breaks down and turns into a jam-like consistency ,  about 15 minutes . 	Thats it ! 	Place in a jar and put it into the fridge to use whenever you need a rhubarb fix ! 	Keeps for about 2 weeks and makes about 3 cups .
Combine all ingredients except oil ,  onion and meat . 	Leave standing while you cook the onions . 	Heat oil in medium to large pot and add onions . 	Stir until onions are soft . 	Add vindaloo mix to pot and cook for 1 to 2 minutes . 	Add meat and mix so that it is covered with the vindaloo mix . 	Add 1/2 C water . 	Simmer ,  covered ,  over low heat for about 1 1/4 hours or until meat is tender .
Set aside approximately 1/4 of the berries in the refrigerator . 	Combine the remaining berries and sugar in a large bowl ,  and set them aside to macerate overnight in the fridge . 	By the next morning the berries will have released their juice and some of the sugar will have dissolved . 	When you do this ,  you dont have to add any water . 	 ( By adding water ,  you just have to evaporate it again by boiling the jam for a longer time and this will have a negative effect on the flavors in your jam .  ) 	Put the macerated berries ,  lemon_juice and sugar into a saucepan over medium heat . 	Stir gently until all the sugar has dissolved . 	Turn up the heat and bring the mixture to a boil ,  stirring only to prevent sticking or burning . 	After the mixture has thickened a bit  ( about 10 minutes )  ,  add the remaining berries . 	This will give the jam more texture and whole berries in the jam . 	Boil the jam to your preferred consistency ,  and make sure to skim the stiff foam off the top while the jam cooks . 	Test the thickness by putting jam on a very cold spoon ,  and if the jam is not running or is running very slowly ,  the jam has the right thickness . 	It takes about 20 minutes of cooking time . 	Scald the jars and lids with boiling water . 	Be careful not to touch the inside . 	Use tongs to handle jars and lids . 	Fill jars while still hot and leave a bit of head space at the top of each jar then seal with scalded lids . 	See National Center for Home Food Preservation for additional information on safe food preservation . 	Enjoy !
Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat . 	Add onions ;  saute until golden ,  about 7 minutes . 	Add garlic and stir 1 minute . 	Stir in chili_sauce ,  preserves ,  cherry_cola ,  brown sugar ,  and vinegar ;  bring to simmer ,  stirring occasionally . 	Reduce heat to medium-low ;  simmer uncovered until reduced to 4 cups ,  stirring often to prevent scorching ,  about 50 minutes . 	Stir in 1 teaspoon hot_pepper_sauce . 	Season to taste with salt and pepper and more hot_pepper_sauce ,  if desired . 	Transfer to bowl and cool completely . 	DO AHEAD Can be made 2 weeks ahead . 	Cover and refrigerate
Directions . 	Add dough ingredients to machine bread pan in order as per 1 .  manufacturer's instructions . 	Set to " dough "  mode . 	Pour equal parts of vegetable_oil and olive_oil into a large frying pan to reach a depth of 2 inches . 	Heat the oil over medium heat until a deep-fry thermometer registers 375 degrees F . 	Roll out the dough on a lightly floured surface to 1/2-inch thickness . 	Using a floured 2-inch cookie cutter ,  cut out doughnut rounds . 	Using a floured 1-inch cookie cutter ,  cut out a hole in the center of each doughnut . 	Gather the dough scraps and re-roll to cut out more doughnuts . 	Whisk the sugar and cinnamon in a medium bowl to blend . 	Set the cinnamon-sugar aside . 	When the oil is hot ,  working in batches ,  fry the doughnuts until they puff but are still pale ,  about 45 seconds per side . 	Using a slotted spoon ,  transfer the doughnuts to paper towels to drain . 	Cool slightly . 	While the doughnuts are still warm ,  add to the bowl with cinnamon-sugar and generously coat with the cinnamon-sugar . 	Serve warm .
Preheat oven to 350F Line 13x9-inch baking pan with foil . 	Spray foil with no stick cooking spray . 	Mix flour ,  cocoa powder ,  cinnamon ,  baking_powder and salt in medium bowl . 	Set aside . 	Mix eggs ,  granulated_sugar ,  sour_cream ,  food coloring and vanilla in large bowl until well blended . 	Gradually stir in flour mixture until well mixed . 	Spread in prepared pan . 	Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out with fudgy crumbs . 	Cool in pan on wire rack . 	Spread Chocolate Buttercream Frosting evenly over cooled brownie . 	Lift from pan ;  remove foil . 	Cut into 24 squares . 	Chocolate Buttercream Frosting :  Mix 1 1/2 cups confectioners'_sugar and 1/4 cup unsweetened_cocoa_powder in small bowl . 	Beat 1/4 cup  ( 1/2 stick )  butter ,  softened ,  in medium bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy . 	Add 1 teaspoon pure_vanilla_extract ;  mix well . 	Gradually add cocoa mixture alternately with 1 tablespoon milk ,  beating until light and fluffy . 	If frosting is too thick to spread ,  gradually beat in additional milk ,  1 tablespoon at a time .
In a dutch oven ,  saute onion and garlic in 1 tablespoon of oil until softened . 	Add rice and brown for 30 seconds . 	Add asparagus ,  and saute' for 2/3 minutes ,  adding broth and warm until comes to boil . 	Add all seasonings ,  but not topping . 	Cover and cook this mixture ,   ( in low/medium )  for 20 minutes ,  or until rice has softened . 	Blend mixture  ( reserve 1/4 cup of rice ,  asparagus mixture in pot )  until blended and smooth . 	Add blended mixture back into pot and warm ,  adding cream at end ,  stir gently . 	Ladle into soup bowls ,  add topping as desired .
Place chicken and water in stockpot ,  making sure water level covers chicken . 	Bring to a boil over med-high heat ,  then reduce heat and simmer for about 30 minutes ,  skimming off foam ,  until it clears  ( try not to agitate too much from the bottom at this point )  . 	Add onions ,  carrots ,  celery ,  and bouquet_garni sachet ,  and simmer uncovered for approximately 3 hours ,  maintaining water level to cover chicken . 	At the end of cooking time ,  strain mixture through a sieve  ( don't press the vegetables or mixture will cloud )  into a clean pot and allow to cool . 	Refrigerate ,  then remove fat before using ,  if desired  ( it should rise to the top )  . 	You can freeze any you don't want to use right away at this point ,  or use immediately  ( I put my extra into ice-cube trays then into plastic bags once it has frozen )  .
Combine shallots ,  wine ,  and vinegar in a saucepan . 	Bring to a boil ,  then reduce heat and simmer until almost all the liquid has evaporated and becomes thick and syrupy . 	Add heavy_cream and mix well . 	Increase heat to high ,  but don't let the sauce boil . 	Add the butter and continue to whisk until all the butter is incorporated . 	Season with salt and pepper . 	NOTE :  Don't cook with any wine you wouldn't drink !
Put mango flesh ,  yogurt ,  milk ,  simple_syrup and a pinch of cardamom into a blender and blend for 2 minutes ,  then pour into individual glasses ,  over ice and serve . 	Sprinkle with a little cardamom and serve . 	A viewer ,  who may not be a professional cook ,  provided this recipe . 	The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore ,  we cannot make representation as to the results .
Soak the gelatin in water . 	Put the cookies in molds . 	Place the strawberries ,  yogurt ,  heavy_cream and sugar in a blender . 	Pulse until it has a smooth consistency . 	Microwave the soaked gelatin to melt and add to the strawberry mixture . 	Mix the strawberry mixture over ice water until thickened . 	Pour into molds and chill in the fridge . 	Once they set well ,  remove from the molds and decorate with strawberry ,  whipped cream and chocolate etc .  .  . 	It has a refreshing yogurt taste !
Combine in an airtight container and store in a dry place .
Preheat oven to 425F . 	Cook onion ,  garlic ,  oregano ,  and red pepper flakes in 1 tablespoon oil in a 4-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat ,  stirring ,  until onion is softened ,  about 3 minutes . 	Add wine and boil until reduced by half ,  about 3 minutes . 	Stir in tomatoes and salt ,  then reduce heat and simmer briskly ,  stirring frequently ,  until slightly thickened ,  about 8 minutes . 	Stir shrimp into sauce and simmer ,  stirring occasionally ,  until shrimp are just cooked through ,  about 3 minutes . 	While sauce and shrimp are cooking ,  cook orzo in a 6-quart pot of boiling salted water  ( see Tips ,  page 204 )  until al dente . 	Reserve 1/2 cup cooking water ,  then drain orzo in a sieve . 	Return orzo to pot and toss with remaining tablespoon oil . 	Stir in sauce with shrimp and reserved cooking water ,  then add olives and salt and pepper to taste . 	Spoon half of pasta into an oiled 13- by 9- by 2-inch glass baking dish ,  then sprinkle with half of feta . 	Top with remaining pasta and feta ,  then bake in middle of oven ,  uncovered ,  until cheese is slightly melted and pasta is heated through ,  10 to 15 minutes .
Heat the extra-virgin olive_oil in a large heavy skillet until shimmering . 	Add the shrimp and fry over moderate heat ,  turning once ,  until bright pink ,  about 3 minutes . 	While gently shaking the skillet ,  add the guindilla peppers ,  garlic and parsley . 	Sprinkle the flour over the shrimp and cook over low heat ,  stirring constantly ,  until a light sauce forms ,  about 3 minutes longer . 	Season with salt . 	Spoon the shrimp and sauce onto 4 small plates and serve with crusty_bread .
In large saucepan ,  over medium heat ,  heat 5 cups milk ,  Egg Beaters and sugar until thickened ,  stirring constantly . 	Remove from heat ;  stir in vanilla and rum_extract . 	Cover ;  chill . 	Just before serving ,  stir in brandy if desired ;  thin to desired consistency with remaining skim_milk . 	Sprinkle with nutmeg and cinnamon .
Make the pastry cream :  Whisk 1/2 cup milk ,  1/3 cup granulated_sugar ,  the salt ,  egg_yolks and cornstarch in a medium bowl . 	Combine the remaining 1 1/2 cups milk and 1/3 cup granulated_sugar with the vanilla seeds and pod in a medium saucepan ;  bring to a low simmer over medium heat . 	Slowly pour the hot milk mixture into the bowl with the yolk mixture ,  whisking constantly . 	Return to the pan and bring to a simmer ,  whisking ;  cook ,  whisking ,  until thickened ,  1 more minute . 	Transfer to a bowl and remove the vanilla pod . 	Lay plastic wrap directly on the surface and refrigerate until cold ,  about 1 hour ,  30 minutes . 	Meanwhile ,  roast the peaches :  Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F .  Combine the peaches ,  granulated_sugar ,  lemon juice ,  and vanilla seeds and pod in a medium bowl ;  toss gently to coat . 	Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet and spread in a single layer . 	Roast ,  tossing once ,  until tender and glossy ,  about 30 minutes . 	Let cool . 	Cook the puff pastry :  Coat a baking sheet with cooking_spray . 	Unroll the puff pastry sheets on a generously floured surface and arrange them so they overlap by about 2 inches to make 1 large piece of pastry . 	Lightly flour a rolling pin and roll out the dough into a 17-by-12-inch rectangle . 	Carefully transfer the dough to the prepared baking sheet and prick all over with a fork . 	Bake ,  pricking it again halfway through ,  until golden and crisp ,  25 to 35 minutes . 	Let cool completely on the baking sheet ,  then transfer to a cutting board and cut crosswise into 3 equal pieces . 	Assemble the napoleon :  Lay 1 piece of puff pastry on a platter . 	Spread with half of the pastry cream ,  then top with half of the roasted peaches . 	Repeat with another piece of puff pastry and the remaining pastry cream and peaches ,  reserving a few peach slices for topping . 	Top with the remaining piece of puff pastry and dust with confectioners'_sugar . 	Top with the reserved peaches . 	Slice with a serrated knife . 	Photograph by Yunhee Kim
Beat the pudding with cold milk . 	Fold in the sour_cream ,  Cool Whip ,  salt and vanilla . 	Layer vanilla wafers and bananas . 	Pour pudding mixture over bananas and wafers . 	Refrigerate overnight .
For the sauce :  Combine the mayonnaise ,  Sriracha sauce ,  sugar and vinegar in a small bowl and set aside . 	For the relish :  In a medium bowl combine all the ingredients ,  cover and set aside in the refrigerator . 	For the shrimp :  Heat a non-stick grill pan or skillet to medium-high heat . 	Sprinkle shrimp with salt ,  pepper ,  onion_powder ,  garlic_powder and dried_basil . 	Add shrimp into the grill pan in a single layer . 	Grill shrimp until opaque ,  about five minutes per side . 	For the assembly :  Layer each piece of lettuce with a few shrimp ,  then top with some of the relish and drizzle with sauce . 	Sprinkle with the lime zest . 	Wrap and enjoy ! 	Serve warm or cold .
Prepare 2 pastry lined pie plates . 	Mix rhubarb and apples together ,  then divide them equally in the pie plates . 	Mix dry ingredients and once again divide mixture into the two pies . 	Drizzle 1/4 cup molasses over each pie and dot with butter . 	Cover pies with pastry ,  and cook at 400F for 20 minutes ,  then at 375F for 40 minutes .
Line baking sheets with parchment paper	Mix the flour ,  starch ,  cinnamon and sugar in a bowl	Add the butter and rub into the mix with your fingers until it forms crumbs	Add in the chopped pecans and work into a dough then knead in the olive_oil	Lightly flour a surface and pat or roll out the dough to 3mm thickness . 	Cut out shapes with 3 - 5cm cookie cutters ,  making an even number of each shape as you need them to be in pairs to sandwich them together later	Lay the shapes on the baking trays and keep re-rolling the dough and cutting more shapes until it's used up	Chill the baking sheets in the fridge for 30 minutes	Preheat the oven to gas 4 / 180C / 350F	Bake the cookies for 15 - 20 minutes until pale golden	Let cool for 5 minutes on the trays then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely . 	Left this way the cookies will keep in an airtight container for 5 days	To make the filling put the butter ,  icing sugar ,  vanilla and golden_syrup into a bowl and cream together until pale and fluffy	Add the maple_syrup and beat again until combined	Spread the buttercream on a cookie and top with a matching shape	Dust with some extra icing sugar and enjoy . 	They'll keep in the fridge spread with buttercream for a day	Makes approx 28 cookies or 14 sandwich cookies
Beat together egg ,  milk and clam_juice . 	Sift together flour ,  baking soad ,  cream_of_tartar ,  slat and baking_powder . 	Add dry ingredients to wet and mix well . 	Fold in clams . 	Drop by spoonfuls into 400 degree oil and fry until golden brown . 	Drain on paper towels and serve hot .
For sauce ,  in a small saucepan combine the garlic or possibly onion ,  catsup ,  steak_sauce ,  Worcestershire_sauce ,  sugar ,  veg . 	oil ,  vinegar ,  and warm pepper sauce . 	Bring to boiling ;  reduce heat . 	Simmer ,  uncovered for 5 min . 	Remove from heat ;  set aside . 	For burgers ,  in a medium mixing bowl combine the grnd beef ,  salt and pepper ;  mix well . 	Shape meat mix into four 3/4-inch-thick patties . 	To cook by indirect grill method :  In a covered grill arrange preheated coals around a drip pan . 	Test for medium heat above the pan . 	Place meat on the grill rack over the drip pan . 	cover and grill for 20 to 24 min ,  or possibly till no pink remains ,  turning once halfway through grilling time and brushing frequently with sauce . 	To cook by direct grill method :  Grill meat on the grill rack of an uncovered grill directly over medium coals for 14 to 18 min ,  or possibly till no pink remains ,  turning once halfway through grilling time and brushing frequently with sauce . 	To serve ,  split and toast the buns on the grill . 	Serve patties in buns with cheese ,  lettuce ,  tomato ,  onion and pickle ,  if you like . 	Comments :  Let everyone select the desired accompaniments - lettuce ,  tomato ,  onion ,  cheese and pickles - for these basic burgers served with a catsup-based sauce . 	Serving Ideas  :  Serve with corn on the cob .
Spread tortillas with mayonnaise . 	Top each with turkey ,  tomato ,  jalapeno ,  cheese ,  cilantro and avocado . 	Roll up and cut in half .
Toss first 4 ingredients with 2 Tbsp . 	dressing . 	Brush tortillas with remaining dressing . 	Cook ,  1 at a time ,  in skillet on medium-high heat 1 to 2 min . 	on each side or until crisp . 	Top tortillas with lettuce mixture and chicken .
Heat skillet ,  add your choice of oil . 	Put all ingredients in except red_wine and worchestershire sauce . 	Saute the onions ,  peppers andminced garlic til tender . 	Add your turkey and chopped chorizo ,  simmer . 	Add red_wine and worchestershire sauce 10 minutes later and cover . 	Boil your macaroni according to instructions . 	Add macaroni last and cover .
Wipe mushroom ,  trim stems and slice thinly . 	Place on a large platter . 	Zest and juice the two lemons . 	Combine the olive oil ,  lemon zest and juice ,  red_pepper_flakes ,  pressed garlic and black_pepper  ( do not add salt yet )  . 	Toss the dressing with the sliced mushrooms and refrigerate for an hour . 	Just before serving ,  take the mushrooms out of the fridge and broil ,  bake or boil the shrimp to your liking . 	Add the shrimp to the mushroom mix ,  sprinkle lightly with sea_salt ,  garnish with the parsley ,  drizzle with a little more olive oil and toss . 	Enjoy with some type of bread to soak up the dressing !
Pre heat oven 425A	Mix mayonnaise , cheese and garlic together	Place chicken on baking sheet	Spread chicken with mayo mixture	Top with bread crumbs	Bake 20 to 25 until golden brown and internal temp is at least 165A
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F  ( 175 degrees C )  . 	Place pork roast in the center of a roasting pan ;  arrange pearl onions around the roast . 	Pour in water ,  olive_oil ,  and lime_juice . 	Evenly coat roast with black pepper ,  cayenne_pepper ,  tarragon ,  and garlic_powder . 	Spread blue_cheese_dressing over entire roast . 	Bake in the preheated oven until roast is no longer pink in the center ,  about 90 minutes . 	An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 145 degrees F  ( 63 degrees C )  . 	Transfer roast to a deep-sided serving dish ;  arrange onions around roast . 	Scoop enough cooking liquid to coat the bottom of the serving dish . 	Place the remaining liquid in a gravy boat .
preheat oven to 350 *  . 	prepare base :  . 	combine all base ingredients and press into ungeased 9x13 pan --	bake for 15-20 minutes until light brown . 	prepare filling :  . 	beat cream_cheese ,  brown_sugar and vanilla until fluffy -- add flour and eggs . 	pour over base . sprinkle with peanut ubtter chips . return to oven and bake for 15-20 minutes . cool completely . 	prepare glaze :  . 	in saucepan over low heat ,  melt chocolate and oil and drizzle over tops of cookies . 	let set before cutting .
Core the lettuce ,  wash ,  and set aside to drain well . 	Cream the cheese ,  milk and spices with an electric mixer . 	Stuff the core of the head of lettuce with the cheese mixture ,  wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate ,  preferably overnight . 	To serve ,  cut in six wedges ,  lay on a salad plate ,  garnish with grape tomatoes ,  cuke slices ,  purple onion ,  etc . 	and drizzle with your favorite dressing .
Heat oven to 475 degrees . 	Lightly coat two large baking sheets with olive_oil . 	Peel onions ,  leaving root ends intact . 	Cut each onion in half from stem to root . 	Cut each half into 4 wedges ,  leaving the root intact so that each wedge holds together . 	Spread on a baking sheet ,  sprinkle with salt and pepper and drizzle with oil . 	Put the squash in a large mixing bowl . 	Add 1/4 cup olive_oil ,  1 teaspoon salt and about 1/4 teaspoon pepper ;  toss to coat . 	Spread on a baking sheet ,  peel side down  ( if intact )  . 	Place both pans in oven and roast for 30 to 40 minutes ,  until the vegetables have taken on some color and are cooked through . 	Keep an eye on the onions ,  as they may cook faster than the squash and need to be removed earlier . 	If using nuts ,  pour 1 tablespoon oil into a small frying pan and place over medium-low heat . 	Add nuts and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook for 2 minutes ,  stirring often ,  until the nuts are golden brown and smell toasty . 	Immediately remove from the heat and dump onto a cutting board to stop the cooking . 	If using pistachios ,  chop coarsely when cool enough to handle . 	To make tahini sauce ,  place tahini in a bowl . 	Add lemon_juice ,  1/4 cup water ,  garlic and 1/4 teaspoon salt . 	Whisk until sauce is the consistency of honey ,  adding more water or a tablespoon of olive_oil if necessary . 	When the vegetables are cooked ,  set aside until ready to serve . 	 ( The vegetables should be served the same day they are made . 	They can be served at warm room temperature ,  or reheated just before serving .  ) 	To serve ,  combine vegetables on a large serving platter . 	If using tahini sauce ,  drizzle on top . 	Sprinkle herbs and ,  if using ,  nuts on top and serve .
Whisk together shallot ,  mustard ,  and vinegar . 	Add oil in a slow stream ,  whisking until emulsified ,  and season with salt and pepper . 	Just before serving ,  toss salad greens with just enough dressing to coat .
Combine all ,  and heat .
Mix cream_cheese and crab ,  add salt and pepper to taste . 	Wrap in egg_roll_wrappers	Fry till golden brown
Assembly Directions :  . 	Cook spaghetti till slightly underdone . 	Drain and place in 9x13 inch pan or two 8-inch pie dishes . 	Add melted butter/margarine ,  egg and Parmesan cheese . 	Add salt and pepper to taste . 	Mix thoroughly and then spread evenly in bottom of pan or dishes . 	Layer cottage_cheese on top of spaghetti . 	Combine tomato_paste ,  water ,  oregano ,  garlic_powder ,  and sugar in bowl . 	Add cooked ground_beef . 	Layer tomato and beef mixture onto cottage_cheese . 	Top with shredded mozzarella_cheese . 	Freezing and Cooking Directions :  . 	To freeze :  Wrap casserole in freezer paper or put pan into 2-gallon freezer bag . 	Label and freeze . 	To serve :  Thaw casserole dish . 	Bake covered at 350 degrees for 35-40 minutes . 	Frozen casserole may be baked for 55-60 minutes at 350 degrees . 	Comments :  . 	If you dont want to tie up your dishes you can also line your pan with sprayed heavy-duty plastic wrap . 	Assemble the casserole and open freeze . 	Pop the block out of the pan and finish wrapping in plastic wrap . 	Put into freezer bag ,  label and freeze . 	To serve :  Unwrap frozen block and put back into casserole dish to thaw in refrigerator . 	Bake following directions above . 	 * 1 lb . 	uncooked ground_beef = 2 1/2 cups cooked beef .
In a glass baking dish place butter , Kitchen_Bouquet , salt , paprika and thyme . 	Microwave 1 minute ; stir well . 	Roll potatoes in mixture until well coated . 	Cover with wax paper . 	Cook 10 minutes ;  roll potatoes in butter . 	Cook uncovered another 5- 10 minutes until potatoes are tender .
Grill chicken_thighs . 	Mix together sauce ingredients . 	Pour over chicken as topping or dip in sauce . 	#A1 .
Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 500 degrees . 	Meanwhile ,  toast garlic_cloves in small skillet over medium heat ,  shaking pan occasionally ,  until fragrant and color of cloves deepens slightly ,  about 8 minutes  ( see illustration at right )  . 	When cool enough to handle ,  skin and mince cloves  ( you should have about 3 tablespoons )  . 	Using dinner fork ,  mash garlic ,  butter ,  cheese ,  and salt in small bowl until thoroughly combined . 	Spread cut sides of loaf evenly with butter mixture ;  season to taste with pepper . 	Transfer loaf halves ,  buttered side up ,  onto rimmed baking sheet ;  bake ,  reversing position of baking sheet in oven from front to back halfway through baking time ,  until surface of bread is golden brown and toasted ,  5 to 10 minutes . 	Cut each half into 2-inch slices ;  serve immediately .
Blend and enjoy !
I like my fruits to be in larger pieces for a nice look . 	My oranges I leave each slice whole . 	I halve my grapes and cut bananas into nice thick slices . 	I halve or quarter my walnuts . 	Place Fruits ,  walnuts and Craisins in a bowl . 	Mix Orange Juice and Miracle_Whip together and top salad with this .
Preheat the oven to 190C/375C/gas mark 5 . 	First make the pesto . 	Scatter the pine_nuts on a baking tray and toast in the oven ,  turning occasionally to make sure they don't burn ,  for 5-6 minutes or until golden brown ,  then remove and set aside to cool . 	Finely chop the basil and mix with the toasted pine_nuts and olive_oil ,  then ,  using a pestle and mortar ,  pound them together until smooth . 	Season with salt and pepper to taste and add a little more olive_oil if you think it's necessary . 	Alternatively ,  add the toasted pine_nuts to a food processor and blitz to a fine-breadcrumb consistency . 	Add the basil and seasoning and pour over the olive_oil ,  then blitz until you have a smooth paste . 	Next ,  halve the onions and slice into thin half-moons . 	Trim the ends from each tomato and slice into rounds approximately 5mm thick . 	Heat 3 tablespoons of the olive_oil in a non-stick frying pan and add the onions . 	Saute over a low heat for about 20 minutes or until completely softened but not browned ,  adding the sugar and seasoning with salt and pepper halfway through cooking . 	Meanwhile ,  roll out the pastry and fill a 23cm diameter tart tin . 	Spread the caramelised onions over the base of the tart and then add small dollops of the pesto ,  spaced evenly apart ,  on top of the onions . 	Layer the tomatoes into the tart in a circular pattern ,  allowing them to overlap slightly . 	Drizzle with the remaining oil ,  season well with salt and pepper and bake in the oven for 35-40 minutes . 	Remove from the oven and allow to cool for around 5 minutes before carefully removing the tart from its tin and cutting into slices .
Ice  ( shake )  // rocks
Peel and seed the cucumbers ,  cut them into 1/4-inch dice and toss with the salt ;  set aside for 15 minutes . 	Transfer the cucumber cubes to a sieve ;  rinse them under water and pat dry with towels . 	In a bowl combine the cucumbers and yogurt . 	Gradually and slowly whisk in the olive oil ,  making sure yogurt absorbs it all . 	Add the garlic_clove and mint ;  cover and refrigerate until well chilled . 	 ( If taking the soup on a picnic ,  chill it first in a bowl ,  then transfer it to a thermos .  ) 	Before serving ,  remove the garlic_cloves ,  give the soup a stir and thin with ice water if you wish . 	Adjust the seasoning . 	Ladle the soup into chilled soup plates and stir in the raisins . 	Garnish with walnuts and chives . 	If you wish ,  immediately before serving ,  you can drop some crushed ice into each plate .
Cook broccoli as directed on package . 	Add in stuffing and soup to broccoli with 1 1/2 sticks butter . 	Mix well . 	Put in a 9 x 13 inch cake pan . 	Cut up the other 1/2 of the butter into slices and put on top of mix . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 1/2 hour .
Combine the onions ,  butter and stock in a heavy ,  deep skillet . 	Cover and bring to a boil . 	Reduce the heat slightly and simmer briskly for 10 min . 	Uncover . 	Simmer for approximately 35 - 40 min ,  stirring occasionally ,  till the liquid is almost gone . 	Cook for a few more min ,  stirring constantly . 	The onions will begin to stick just a bit . 	Keep cooking and stirring for a few min more ,  using your wooden spatula to scrape up the browned deposits which form on the bottom of the skillet . 	Turn the heat up a bit more and let the onions begin to burn . 	Not scorching - just a little gentle burning and sticking on the bottom of the skillet . 	Splash in the wine and boil till it is just about evaporated ,  stirring and scraping up the browned bits vigorously . 	Season with salt and pepper to taste . 	Remove from the heat . 	Serve at once over mashed potatoes . 	Well covered it will keep in the refrigerator for days .
Stir whiskey ,  molasses ,  and brown_sugar in a saucepan until brown_sugar has dissolved . 	Place over medium heat ,  bring to a simmer ,  and turn off heat ;  stir salt and hot_pepper_sauce into mixture . 	Pour marinade into a large bowl . 	Place turkey_breast into the marinade with skin side down ;  let stand for 1 hour ,  turning turkey_breast over occasionally . 	Transfer turkey to a roasting pan . 	Retain marinade for basting . 	Preheat oven to 450 degrees F  ( 230 degrees C )  . 	Roast turkey_breast in the preheated oven until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat reads 160 degrees F  ( 70 degrees C )  ,  about 45 minutes . 	Baste turkey occasionally with retained marinade . 	Allow turkey_breast to rest for 10 minutes before slicing .
Pre-heat oven to 350 . 	Mix together all the cake ingredients-fill lined cupcake pans half full . 	In separate bowl mix all the topping ingredients together-place 1/2 teaspoon of cream cheese mix on top of each cupcake . 	Top with chocolate_chips  ( about eight per cupcake but who actually counts  ( except my mom )  . 	Bake for 15-18 minutes or until done . 	Let cool before serving . 	ENJOY !
I slice the tomatoes into as many slices as possible with the wide blade of my V-slicer ,  then quarter the slices and add them to a bowl . 	Same for the cucumber . 	Then I switch to the thin blade ,  and very thinly slice the onions into half moons ,  and cut the slices into small pieces . 	Then I toss the whole salad together ,  portion it out ,  add very thin slices of the mozarella ,  grind on some black pepper ,  drizzle on some of your favorite vinaigrette ,  and maybe add some roughly chopped chives or basil . 	Another great way to serve this is to toast some slices of cheese bread  ( try my recipe #138924 )  ,  rub both sides with a cut garlic clove ,  then mound the tomato mixture on top . 	Lay very thin slices of the mozarella on top ,  and broil for a minute or two . 	Garnish with shredded basil and freshly ground black pepper .
preheat oven to 350 . 	Make sure chocolate_chips ,  maple_syrup ,  and sugar are vegan . 	In large bowl ,  stir flour ,  sugar ,  oats ,  soda ,  powder ,  salt ,  and chocolate_chips . 	In a blender ,  blend banana ,  applesauce ,  maple_syrup ,  and vanilla . 	Mix the two mixtures together . 	Add more applesauce or maple_syrup if mixture is dry . 	Spoon onto lightly oiled baking sheet . 	Bake for 12-15 minutes or until they look done .
Prepare a medium grill or preheat the broiler . 	If using the broiler ,  line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil . 	Brush the chicken with half of the olive_oil and season with salt and pepper . 	Place the chicken on the grill or ,  if broiling ,  place it on the prepared baking sheet . 	Grill or broil 4 inches from the heat ,  turning once ,  until the chicken is lightly browned and the juices run clear when it is pricked with a fork ,  about 8 minutes per side . 	Transfer to a platter and set aside . 	Meanwhile ,  brush the bell peppers and scallions with the remaining olive_oil and season with salt and pepper . 	Place the vegetables on the grill or ,  if broiling ,  transfer to the prepared baking sheet . 	Grill or broil ,  turning once or twice ,  for about 4 minutes per side for the peppers and 2 minutes per side for the scallions . 	Transfer to a platter and set aside . 	Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil . 	Cook the rotelle according to the package directions . 	Drain well and transfer to a large bowl . 	Cut the chicken ,  bell peppers ,  and scallions into 1-inch pieces and add to the pasta . 	Toss the mixture with the ranch dressing and garnish with the crumbled bacon .
Slice fish into 1 1/2 "  pieces ;  wipe off with paper towel and sprinkle with a little salt_and_pepper . 	Break eggs in bowl . 	Add a little salt and beat lightly to avoid forming bubbles . 	Dredge fish with flour and shake off excess . 	Coat with beaten eggs . 	Heat sesame_oil in skillet and fry fish until light brown . 	Serve hot on plate with Vinegar-Soy Sauce . 	To make sauce :  Mix soy_sauce ,  vinegar and lemon_juice together . 	Just before serving ,  sprinkle with 1 teaspoons finely chopped pine nuts . 	Note :  You can prepare small fish this way also . 	Butterfly cut them and remove bones .
Combine cream_cheese ,  sour_cream ,  brown_sugar ,  peanuts and Kahlua . 	Mix until blended . 	Fold in Cool_Whip . 	Refrigerate overnight . 	Serve with strawberries ,  bananas and any other fruit you like . 	Note :  This dip does not do as well with low-fat ingredients !
Preheat oven to 400F . 	Sprinkle baking sheet lightly with flour . 	Combine 2 cups cake_flour ,  sugar ,  baking_powder and salt in large bowl . 	Add butter and rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal . 	Beat egg and 7 tablespoons milk in small bowl . 	Pour egg mixture over dry ingredients ,  tossing with fork until moist and adding 1 more tablespoon milk if dry . 	Gather dough into ball . 	Turn out onto lightly floured surface . 	Shape dough into 8-inch round about 3/4 inch thick . 	Transfer round to prepared baking sheet . 	Using sharp knife ,  cut round into 8 equal wedges ;  do not separate wedges . 	Bake scones until tester inserted into center comes out clean and top is golden ,  about 20 minutes . 	Recut scones . 	Serve warm or at room temperature .
Combine . 	Refrigeratebefore serving .
Preparations for making Ducuna . 	First grate . the sweet_potatoes and add sugar . 	Leave for a while it will spring water from mixture so . 	You do not have to add water at anytime . 	Add spices and raisin ,  mix in the flour . 	You may proceed to add a little bit of water ,  if the mixture seems to be too watery add a bit more flour . 	Spoon some of mixture in the foil paper . 	You maybe able to make about 5 individual Ducuna from the above recipe . 	Wrap the Ducuna and place right into boiling water and boil for 45 minutes until they are firm . 	It will be hot . 	Carefully unwrap and enjoy .
Prepare crescent_roll dough recipe and roll to about 1/4 inch thick ,  or use store-bought crescent_roll dough . 	Cut dough into 1x2 pieces . 	Cut cheese slices into pieces slightly smaller than the dough . 	Place cheese on top of dough ,  then wrap dough around smokie . 	Bake at 350 degrees F for 15-20 minutes ,  until dough is golden brown .
Pre heat oven to 325 . 	Paper line 12 muffin cups . 	Place one piece of cookie dough in each muffin cup . 	Bake for 10-12 minute or until cookie has spread to edge of cup . 	Beat cream_cheese ,  sweetened condense milk ,  egg ,  and vanilla_extract in medium bowl until smooth . 	Pour about 3 tablespoons cream_cheese mxture over each cookie in cup . 	Bake for additional 15-18 min or until set . 	Cool completly in pan on wire rack . 	Top with pie filling refrigerate for 1 hour .
Place 3/4 cup cashews in a bowl and add enough water to cover ;  soak for 2 hours . 	Drain . 	Blend 1/2 cup cashews in a blender until smooth . 	Stir blended cashews ,  coconut ,  and 2 tablespoons agave_syrup together in a bowl until smooth ;  press into a small cake pan . 	Blend soaked cashews in a blender until smooth . 	Add cocoa_powder ,  coconut_oil ,  and 3 tablespoons agave_syrup ;  blend until smooth . 	Pour chocolate cake over cashew crust ;  refrigerate until set ,  2 hours to overnight .
Rub steak with 2 t .  lime_juice and 2 t .  chili_powder ,  then sprinkle with salt . 	Let sit while you prepare the relish . 	Combine onion ,  cilantro ,  remaining 5 t .  of lime_juice and 1/2 t .  of chili_powder . 	Broil or grill steak about 7 minutes  ( medium-rare )  per side until desired doneness . 	Remove steak from heat and let sit at least 5 minutes  ( VERY IMPORTANT )  . 	Cut steak at an angle against the grain . 	Serve topped with onion relish .
Arrange fresh fillets in shallow roasting pan . 	Heat butter in small frying pan over medium heat . 	Add in the onion and garlic ;  cook till onion is limp . 	Add in the wine ,  soy_sauce ,  ketchup ,  and dill_weed . 	Stir till heated through and pour over fish . 	Bake ,  uncovered ,  in 425 degree oven for 20 min or possibly till fish flakes readily with a fork . 	Serves 2 to 4 .
Place potatoes in a small saucepan and cover with water . 	Bring to a boil ,  Reduce heat ;  cover and simmer for 10-15 minutes or until tender ,  Drain . 	In large skillet ,  saute half of the peppers and onion in 1 teaspoon oil until tender . 	Add half of the ham and potatoes ,  saute 2-3 minutes longer . 	Meanwhile ,  in a blender ,  combine eggs ,  sour_cream ,  milk ,  onion_salt ,  garlic_salt and pepper . 	Cover and process until smooth . 	Pour half over vegetable mixture ;  cook and stir over medium heat until eggs are completely set . 	Sprinkle with 1 cup of cheese . 	Repeat with remaining ingredients .
In a large pitcher stir together well the champagne ,  the cranberry_juice_cocktail and the Grand_Marnier .
Season chicken_breasts . 	In a large skillet ,  pan grill chicken until done . 	Making sure to turn often . 	While chicken is cooking ,  whisk soup ,  sour cream and milk together . 	When chicken is done ,  pour soup mixture over chicken . 	Simmer 10-15 minutes on low .
Cook the macaroni according to the package directions ;  drain and return to the pot . 	Add the milk ,  cheddar ,  Monterey Jack ,  American ,  and mozzarella cheeses and pepper . 	Cook over low heat ,  stirring constantly ,  until the cheeses melt ,  about 5 minutes .
Roll dough on a lightly floured surface surface into a 14 x 8 inch rectangle . 	Brush surface with 2 Tbsp . 	melted butter . 	Combine sugar and next 5 ingredients . 	Sprinkle over dough ,  leaving a 1/2 inch border on all sides . 	Starting with long side ,  roll up jelly roll fashion . 	Healthy pinch seam to seal . 	 ( Don't seal ends .  ) 	Cut roll into 12 slices ,  place in a lightly greased 9 inch square pan . 	Brush with remaining 2 Tbsp . 	melted butter . 	Cover and chill 8 hrs . 	Remove from refrigerator ,  and let rise in a hot place  ( 85 degrees )  ,  free from drafts ,  50 min or possibly till doubled in bulk . 	Bake at 350 degrees for 20 to 25 min . 	Combine powdered_sugar and lemon_juice ;  drizzle over hot rolls . 	Yield :  1 dozen .
Place the banana pieces ,  strawberries ,  blueberries ,  milk ,  vanilla_extract ,  yogurt ,  and ice_cubes in a blender . 	Blend until smooth .
May substitute 1 c .  reconstituted nonfat dry lowfat milk . 	Rinse beans ;  place in large saucepan and add in water . 	Bring to boiling ,  cover and simmer 2 min . 	Remove from heat and let stand 1 hour  ( or possibly add in beans to water and soak overnight )  . 	Don't Drain . 	Add in tomatoes ,  onion and salt ;  cover and simmer for 1 1/4 hrs . 	Add in luncheon meat ,  bouillon cube and pepper . 	Bring to boiling ,  reduce heat and simmer 15 min ,  stirring occasionally . 	Combine lowfat milk and flour ;  add in to stew mix . 	Cook ,  stirring constantly ,  till thickened and bubbly . 	8 servings .
Slice tomatoes and mozzarella_cheese to 1/4 "  thick slices . 	Place tomatoes and mozzarella alternately in a pattern around the perimeter of a small serving dish . 	Alternatively ,  for single serving dishes ,  place the mozzarella slices on top of the tomato slices ,  arranging for 8 servings  ( arrange for four servings ,  if using it as a main dish )  . 	Sprinkle the the salad sparsely with the olive oil . 	Sprinkle the salad lightly  ( or to taste )  with the salt and ground black_pepper . 	Place whole  ( or torn )  basil_leaves on top of the tomatoes and mozzarella ,  using pieces that roughly match the size of the tomato and mozzarella slices . 	Serve immediately . 	Note :  do NOT allow the tomatoes and mozzarella sit in the oil for more than a short few minutes . 	The oil will just soak into the tomato and mozzarella and ruin the flavor . 	The oil is intended to be a garnish ,  and not a primary flavor in the dish .
In a saucepan ,  combine water ,  sugar ,  salt ,  corn_syrup and lemon_juice . 	Bring to a boil . 	Combine cornstarch and water . 	Blend thoroughly . Add frozen boysenberries . 	Pour both mixtures into unbaked 9 inch pie crust . 	Cover with second top crust and seal well around the edges . 	Make several slashes in the top to release steam . 	Bake in a preheated 400 degree F oven for 40 minutes until top is golden brown . 	Cool on a rack .
Combine 2 tablespoons butter and salad_oil in saucepan over low heat ;  add onion and garlic and cook ,  stirring frequently until onion begins to brown . 	Add tomatoes ,  sugar ,  salt ,  pepper ,  basil and bay_leaf and bring to boiling point ,  stirring gently to avoid breaking up tomatoes . 	Simmer about 15 min . 	 ;  remove from heat and discard bay_leaf . 	Blend cornstarch and cold_water until mixture is smooth ;  add about 1/2 cup hot tomato mixture and blend thoroughly ,  then stir it into remaining mixture in saucepan . 	Cook over moderately high heat ,  stirring constantly until thick . 	Remove from heat . 	Cook noodles ,  drain ,  rinse with hot water ,  then drain again thoroughly . 	Toss in a large bowl with remaining butter ,  and 2 cups cheese ;  add tomato sauce and olive slices and toss the second time . 	Put in a 7-cup baking dish ,  sprinkle with remaining cheese and bake in 350 oven for 30 to 45 minutes .
Heat 1-2 inches water in the bottom of a heavy saucepan or double boiler until just simmering- not boiling . 	Place eggs ,  cream ,  and salt in a small mixing bowl ,  and with a fork ,  whisk until it is fairly homogenized  ( mass of white will start to break up )  ,  but take it easy- don't try to make whipped cream or meringue here . 	Place a stainless mixing bowl or top of the double boiler over the water and add the butter to the pan ,  swirling it as it melts . 	When the butter is completely melted ,  add the eggs to the pan . 	You should not see instant action around the edges of the egg- if you do ,  your heat is way too high . 	Don't jump right in with your spoon and stir the things to death . 	As they start to cook ,  you will see curds form from the bottom . 	Using a spoon or spatula ,  gently lift these curds to the top to allow the uncooked egg to flow beneath . 	As it cooks more ,  it will be more a matter of lifting and folding ,  than stirring them briskly . 	When the eggs are almost set  ( still a little wet looking )  ,  remove them from the pan ,  as they will cook a little more on their own . 	If you desire smaller curds ,  you can chop the egg a bit and stir lightly . 	Garnish with fresh herbs ,  such as chives ,  chervil ,  parsley or tarragon before serving .
Start by preheating the oven on medium broil . 	In a single layer ,  place the potato_chips on a baking sheet . 	Spoon a generous amount of hot Sloppy Joes on each chip . 	Top with cheese and a pickle on each chip . 	Bake for 2-3 minutes under the broiler or until the potato_chips just start to brown and the cheese is melted . 	Enjoy !
Mix the eggs and  *  ingredients together . 	Heat up some vegetable_oil in a square tamagoyaki frying pan . 	Pour in 1/3 of the egg mixture ,  and place the imitation crab towards the back once the top side has solidified a bit ,  and roll it up . 	After rolling ,  add in another 1/3 of the egg mixture ,  place a slice of cheese on top ,  and roll it up . 	Add in the remaining 1/3 egg mixture ,  add in ham ,  and roll it up . 	After you have finished rolling ,  wrap it in a paper towel ,  and mold it into a cylinder . 	Wrap it up again in aluminum foil . 	stand it up vertically ,  and let it cool . 	Do not close the top end of the aluminum foil in order to let the heat escape . 	After it has cooled ,  cut off both ends ,  and slice it . 	This is what it looks like cut . 	Done !
Heat oven to 400 degrees F . 	Pound chicken breasts to 1/2-inch thickness . 	Place chicken in single layer in 13x9-inch baking pan sprayed with cooking spray . 	Sprinkle with seasonings and 1 Tbsp . 	Parmesan . 	Top with pizza_sauce ;  sprinkle with an additional 1 Tbsp . 	Parmesan . 	Bake 20 min . 	Remove from oven ;  sprinkle evenly with mozzarella cheese and the remaining Parmesan . 	Bake 10 min . 	or until mozzarella cheese is melted and chicken is done  ( 165 degrees F .  )
Cream all ingredients . 	Roll in size of walnuts and mash with a fork . 	Bake at 350 degrees till slightly brown . 	 ( About 15 to 20 min )  . 	Makes about 30 crackers )  .
Preheat oven to 400F ,  grease muffin cups . 	Peel ,  core apple and grate . 	Make spiced sugar by stirring cinnamon and nutmeg into 1 tbs sugar ,  reserve . 	Sift flour ,  remaining 1/4 cup sugar ,  baking_powder and salt together into mixing bowl . 	Mix egg ,  oil ,  water and grated apple together . 	Stir them all together into dry ingredients ,  until flour is moistened . 	Stir in raisins  ( if used )  . 	Spoon into muffin cups ,  and sprinkle top with spiced sugar . 	Bake for 15 minutes .
For the cashew milk and pulp : 	1 . 	Place cashews in a large bowl and cover with the filtered water ,  making sure to cover the top . 	2 . 	Let cashews soak overnight . 	3 . 	The next day ,  drain and rinse cashews with cold water . 	4 . 	Place the soaked cashews ,  vanilla_bean seeds ,  cinnamon ,  and sea salt in a large powerful blender or food processor and blend until smooth . 	5 . 	Set a fine mesh strainer over a large mixing bowl . 	6 . 	Place a cheese cloth inside of the strainer . 	7 . 	Pour the cashew milk through the cheesecloth . 	8 . 	This will reserve the cashew pulp . 	9 . 	Let the cashew pulp strain . 	10 . 	Reserve the cashew pulp for making the granola . 	11 . 	Pour the cashew milk into a large glass for another use  ( or over the finished granola )  and enjoy ! 	For the granola : 	1 . 	Preheat the oven to 300 F .  2 . 	Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper . 	3 . 	Spread 2/3 cup of cashew pulp evenly over the prepared baking sheet . 	4 . 	Bake for 18-20 minutes to dry it out . 	Remove pan from oven and set it on a rack . 	5 . 	Let the cashew pulp cool completely . 	6 . 	Reset the oven to 325 F .  7 . 	Combine the cooled cashew pulp with the pecans ,  chia_seeds ,  coconut ,  cinnamon and salt . 	8 . 	In a small mixing bowl ,  whisk together the coconut_oil ,  maple syrup ,  and vanilla_extract . 	9 . 	Pour the maple syrup mixture over the dry mixture and toss to combine . 	10 . 	Spread the granola out evenly on a clean parchment covered baking sheet and bake for 20-22 minutes ,  stirring the granola every 5 minutes to prevent burning . 	Remove pan from oven and set it on a rack . 	11 . 	Let the granola cool completely . 	12 . 	Toss in the dried_cranberries and serve .
Bring 2 cups water to a boil in a saucepan . 	Cook noodles in boiling water until tender ,  about 3 minutes . 	Stir garlic_powder ,  onion_powder ,  and ginger into the noodles and water ;  season with salt and black pepper .
In a large skillet ,  brown beef over medium heat until no longer pink ;  cut up any remaining chunks of beef and reserve . 	In a large saucepan ,  combine whole tomatoes and paste ;  mash until smooth . 	Cover and heat on low . 	In a large skillet over medium heat ,  quickly sear onion and celery until transparent ;  add to tomato sauce in saucepan . 	In same skillet ,  saute bell peppers and mushrooms for a few minutes ,  but do not allow them to become soft ;  add to tomato sauce . 	Add Italian seasoning ,  dried_red_pepper_flakes ,  bay_leaves ,  basil and garlic to tomato sauce ;  add beef and mix . 	Remove cover ,  simmer over low heat and continue to simmer all day ,  stirring occasionally . 	Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . 	Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente ;  drain . 	Add sauce to pasta ;  serve .
In a saucepan melt butter . 	Add flour and stir until creamy . 	Add Chicken Broth and Cream and simmer until thick . 	Remove from heat and add green_peppers ,  mushrooms ,  chicken ,  and parmesan . 	Mix sauce and spaghetti together in a large casserole dish . 	Top with cheddar_cheese . 	bake at 350 for about 20 minutes  ( or until cheese is melted )  .
Preheat oven to 325 F and line a large rimmed baking tray with grease-proof paper or a silicone mat . 	Place oats ,  raisins ,  sultanas ,  allspice ,  cinnamon ,  nutmeg and sugar into a large bowl and stir until combined . 	Add the vegetable_oil and honey and stir until everything is coated in the oil mix . 	Tip oat mix onto your baking tray and spread it into an even layer . 	 ( If you have piles of granola ,  they will bake unevenly .  ) 	Place in the oven for 30-40 minutes  ( mine took about 37 minutes )  . 	Stir every 15 minutes . 	Granola is done when oats are golden brown ,  the mix is starting to dry out and the fruit is still plump ,  but evenly browned . 	Mixture will still be soft and easy to move around ,  but will set up when it cools . 	Remove from oven when done . 	Leave to cool completely before transferring to an airtight container . 	You can break up larger clusters with a spoon ,  I like all different size granola pieces ! 	Granola will keep at room temperature for one month .
Heat oven to 375F . 	Pour pasta_sauce into 13x9-inch baking dish sprayed with cooking spray . 	Stir in 1/4 cup  ( 4 Tbsp .  ) 	Parmesan . 	Add chicken ;  turn to evenly coat both sides of each breast with sauce . 	Cover . 	Bake 30 min . 	or until chicken is done  ( 165 degrees F )  . 	Meanwhile ,  cook spaghetti as directed on package ,  omitting salt . 	Top chicken with mozzarella and remaining Parmesan ;  bake ,  uncovered ,  5 min . 	or until mozzarella is melted . 	Drain spaghetti . 	Serve topped with chicken and sauce .
Cook tortellini in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite ;  drain tortellini . 	Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over high heat . 	Add onion ,  prosciutto ,  garlic ,  dried red pepper and black_pepper . 	Saute until onion is golden brown ,  about 10 minutes . 	Add wine and bring to boil . 	Add mushrooms ,  bell pepper ,  green_onions and peas and simmer until almost all liquid evaporates ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add cream and boil until sauce begins to thicken ,  about 5 minutes . 	Add tortellini ,  parsley ,  basil and parmesan . 	Simmer until sauce coats pasta ,  about 4 minutes . 	Season to taste with salt and pepper . 	Transfer pasta and sauce to large bowl and serve .
Beat eggs with water ;  season with salt and pepper . 	Set aside . 	Spray an 8-inch omelet pan or nonstick skillet with cooking spray . 	Heat skillet over medium heat . 	In small saucepan ,  heat pizza_sauce . 	Add sausage to skillet . 	Cook until browned . 	Set aside . 	Add pepper ,  onion ,  mushrooms ,  and seasoning to skillet . 	Cook ,  covered ,  over medium heat until peppers are soft ,  about 2 to 3 minutes . 	Add cooked sausage to pepper mixture . 	Pour eggs over pepper mixture . 	 ( Eggs should set immediately at edges )  . 	With an inverted pancake turner ,  carefully push cooked portions at edges toward center so uncooked portions can reach hot pan surface ,  tilting pan and moving cooked portions as necessary . 	Reserving some sauce for topping ,  when top of omelet is thickened and no visible liquid egg remains ,  spoon hot sauce over half of the omelet . 	Top with pepperoni and mozzarella_cheese . 	Slide from pan onto plate . 	Spoon on remaining sauce . 	Sprinkle with Parmesan .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F . 	Place the oats and the yogurt in a bowl and let stand for about 30 minutes . 	Sift together the flour ,  baking_powder ,  baking_soda ,  salt ,  and cinnamon . 	In a separate bowl ,  lightly beat the eggs . 	Stir the eggs into the yogurt mixture . 	Mix in the vanilla ,  sugar ,  and vegetable_oil . 	Pour the yogurt mixture into the flour mixture and stir just until combined . 	Do not overmix . 	Fold in the raisins . 	Bake for 15 to 20 minutes . 	In the meantime ,  prepare the topping . 	Chop and toast the oats for 2 to 3 minutes in a pan on your stove-top over medium heat . 	Shake frequently so they dont burn . 	When the muffins are done baking ,  drizzle honey over each muffin and top with the toasted oats . 	Let cool .
Drain and rinse the tuna and mix together . 	Mash to the texture you like . 	Chop the celery ,  carrot and onion to 1/4 cup each . 	Chop the dill_pickles to 1-2 tablespoons . 	Mix all ingredients together . 	Salt and pepper to taste .
In a small saucepan ,  combine sugar ,  corn syrup ,  water ,  cream_of_tartar ,  and salt . 	Cook over medium heat ,  stirring constantly ,  until mixture comes to a boil and sugar has dissolved . 	Remove from heat . 	In a medium mixing bowl ,  beat egg_whites until foamy . 	With mixer on medium speed ,  slowly pour the hot syrup mixture over the egg_whites . 	Turn mixer to high speed and beat until stiff peaks form . 	Spread over top of pie ,  covering filling completely . 	May brown meringue in oven if you desire .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F .  Line a baking sheet with foil and drizzle with olive_oil . 	Rinse chicken breasts and cut each breasts into 3 strips . 	Sprinkle salt ,  pepper and chili_powder over both sides of the chicken . 	Wrap one slice of bacon around each chicken strip and roll in brown_sugar . 	Place on the baking sheet . 	Bake for 40 minutes or until chicken is cooked all the way through and bacon is not quite crispy .
Peel and slice garlic lengthwise . 	Rinse artichokes . 	Gently peel back leaves of the artichoke ,  inserting slivers of garlic every other leaf or so . 	Repeat with peppercorns ,  inserting them in between the leaves . 	Steam artichokes for 45 minutes to 1 hour ,  or until leaves pulls easily from the core . 	Serve with mayonaise  ( mixed with lemon pepper is delicious )  or melted butter for dipping ends of leaves .
Put the soy milk ,  salt and pepper ,  mustard ,  and vegetable_oil into a blender in that order ,  and mix well with each addition . 	Finally ,  add lemon_juice and mix some more . 	Add yuzu pepper paste to the soy milk and dissolve it completely . 	Add vegetable_oil and mix in a blender . 	Finally ,  add the vinegar and mix well . 	Season both with salt and pepper to finish .
Pique the boned and tied leg_of_lamb with slivers of garlic  ( cut small gashes and insert garlic )  and rub it will with dried rosemary . 	Put wine ,  and equal amount of water ,  vegetables ,  and seasonings in a large kettle ,  bring to a boil and simmer for 25 minutes . 	Add lamb and bring liquid to a boil again . 	Cover the pan ,  reduce heat and simmer ,  allowing 15 minutes per pound of meat . 	Serve with Sauce Soubise . 	With this ,  drink chilled Pouilly Fuisse .
In a food processor or blender ,  process the corn ,  melted butter ,  egg and milk until pureed . 	Add masa_harina and sugar and pulse to combine  ( If you are not using a food processor ,  remove corn mixture from the blender to a large bowl and then add and combine the ingredients )  . 	Let the mixture stand at room temperature for twenty minutes . 	Add the cheese and incorporate them into the batter . 	Set a large skillet or griddle over medium heat and add the butter and oil and heat till the foam subsides . 	Drop heaping tablespoons of batter into the pan and cook for 3 to 4 minutes per side ,  flattening after each turn . 	Serve immediately ,  with creme fraiche for dipping .
In a large saucepan ,  heat the chicken_broth and turkey_gravy ,  stirring as it simmers . 	Add the drippings from the turkey and stir some more . 	Add 1/4 cup sherry or cognac and reserve the rest . 	Turn up the heat until your mixture is just at the boiling point . 	Turn it down to a simmer ,  and s-l-o-w-l-y add the packets of dry gravy ,  stirring constantly . 	Continue to stir to avoid lumps . 	Adjust gravy at this point if it is too thick or too thin . 	Add the rest of the cognac or sherry for flavor to your liking .
Preheat the oven to 350F . 	Generously butter two 8 1/2-by-4 1/2-inch loaf pans ;  set aside . 	In a bowl ,  sift together the flour ,  baking_powder ,  and salt . 	Stir in poppy_seeds ;  set aside . 	In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment ,  beat the butter ,  sugar ,  lemon_zest ,  lemon_extract ,  and sour_cream on medium speed until light and fluffy ,  2 to 3 minutes . 	Add the eggs ,  one at a time ,  beating to incorporate after each and scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed . 	Beat in the oil and lemon juice . 	Add the reserved flour mixture and beat until just combined . 	Do not overmix . 	Divide batter evenly between the prepared pans ,  and smooth with an offset spatula . 	Bake until cakes are lightly golden and a cake tester inserted in the centers comes out clean ,  50 to 55 minutes . 	Transfer pans to a wire rack set over a piece of parchment paper to cool 10 minutes . 	Turn out cakes onto the rack to cool completely . 	Combine the apricot_jam and Cognac in a small saucepan and place over medium